# SCP-6562
Item Number: SCP-6562
Rating: 42
Series: series-7
Tags: _licensebox, alive, euclid, humanoid, sapient, scp, telepathic

---

[▷ Show Code ◁](javascript:;)
[△ Hide Code △](javascript:;)
  

    
    @import url(https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@600;700&display=swap);
     
    /* Centered Header Sigma
     * [2021 Wikidot Component]
     * By Lt Flops (CC BY-SA 3.0)
     * Forked from:
       * Penumbra Theme by EstrellaYoshte
     * Also based on:
       * Centered Header BHL by Woedenaz
    **/
     
    /* ---- VARS ---- */
     :root{
         --titleColor: hsl(0, 0%, 95%);
         --subtitleColor: hsl(60, 62%, 85%);
         --lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component:pride-highlighter/lgbtqp_logo.svg);
    }
     
    /* ---- SITE BANNER ---- */
     #header,
     div#header{
         background-image: none;
    }
     
     #header::before{
         position: absolute;
         width: 100%;
         height: 100%;
         content: "";
     
         background-image: var(--lgurl);
         background-position: center top;
         background-repeat: no-repeat;
         background-size: auto 9em;
         opacity: .33;
    }
     
     #header h1,
     #header h2{
         float: none;
         margin-left: 0;
     
         text-align: center;
    }
     
     #header h1 span,
     #header h2 span{
       /* Hide the Existing Text */
         display: none;
    }
     
     #header h1 a::before,
     #header h2::before{
       /* Style the New Text */
         font-family: "Montserrat", "Arial", sans-serif;
         text-shadow: none;
    }
     
     #header h1 a::before{
         position: relative;
         bottom: .15em;
     
         color: var(--titleColor);
     
         font-size: 115%;
         font-weight: 700;
    }
     
     #header h2::before{
         position: relative;
         top: .1em;
     
         color: var(--subtitleColor);
     
         font-size: 130%;
         font-weight: 600;
    }
     
     #header h1 a::before{
       /* Set the New Text's Content From Variable */
         content: var(--header-title, "SCP FOUNDATION");
    }
     
     #header h2::before{
         content: var(--header-subtitle, "SECURE - CONTAIN - PROTECT");
    }
     
    /* ---- SEARCH ---- */
     #search-top-box{
         top: 1em;
         right: 0;
    }
     
     #search-top-box-form input.button{
         margin-right: 0;
    }
     
     #search-top-box-input,
     #search-top-box-input:hover,
     #search-top-box-input:focus,
     #search-top-box-form input[type=submit],
     #search-top-box-form input[type=submit]:hover,
     #search-top-box-form input[type=submit]:focus{
         border-radius: 0;
         box-shadow: none;
     
         font-size: 100%;
    }
     
    /* ---- TOP BAR ---- */
     #top-bar{
         right: 0;
         display: flex;
         justify-content: center;
    }
     
     #top-bar ul li ul{
         border-bottom: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 40%);
         box-shadow: none;
    }
     
    /* ---- LOGIN ---- */
     #login-status{
         top: 1.1em;
         right: initial;
     
         color: hsl(0, 0%, 87%);
    }
     
     #account-topbutton{
         border-color: hsl(0, 0%, 87%);
     
         font-size: 100%;
    }
     
    /* ---- PAGE TITLE ---- */
     .meta-title,
     #page-title{
         text-align: center;
    }
     
    /* ---- BREADCRUMBS ---- */
     .pseudocrumbs,
     #breadcrumbs{
         text-align: center;
    }
     
    /* ---- MOBILE DISPLAY ---- */
     @media (max-width: 767px){
         #search-top-box{
              top: 1.85em;
              width: unset;
        }
     
         .mobile-top-bar{
              position: relative;
              left: 0;
              display: flex;
              justify-content: center;
        }
     
         #login-status{
              top: 0;
              right: 0;
        }
     
         #header .printuser{
              font-size: 0;
        }
     
         #header .printuser img.small{
              margin: 0;
     
              transform: translate(6px, 4px);
        }
     
         #my-account{
              display: none;
        }
     
         #account-topbutton{
              margin-left: 2px;
        }
    }
[NDHeckfire](javascript:;)
**SCP-6562** \- The Same Kind of Grayness as the Filthy Stuff that Formed You
[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)
* * *
**Assigned Site** | **Site Director** | **Research Head** | **Assigned Task Force**  
---|---|---|---  
Site-400 | Director Adam Desmond | N/A | N/A  
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:**[1](javascript:;) With approval from Site-400's present Site Director, SCP-6562 has been granted permission to continue her long-term employment with the Foundation. However, she is to refrain from using her properties unless consent and confirmation is given from the individual(s) she intends to "hear". Failure to comply will result in SCP-6562 receiving appropriate disciplinary action.
Additionally, high-ranking personnel (specifically those possessing Level 5 clearance and above) are to avoid from interacting with SCP-6562, in fear that she might hear sensitive information that would compromise the integrity of the Foundation's command structure.
* * *
**Description:** SCP-6562 is the designation given to Dr. Celestine "Celesty" Addilyn, the Head of Site-400's Department of Humanoid Compensation and Intercommunication. SCP-6562 is an adult female of Irish-Canadian descent, 162 centimeters in height with blue eyes and brown hair tied into a cornrow braid.
To summarize, SCP-6562 possesses a common form of one-sided telepathy. When in the proximity of one or more human individual(s), SCP-6562 is capable of inwardly "hearing" their inner thoughts and conception. SCP-6562 reported that these thoughts often converse with themselves in the voice of the person thinking them.
It is important to note that SCP-6562's anomalous property is only limited to the thoughts an individual is _currently_ thinking, and that she is not capable of "sifting" through one's past memories and/or previous experiences.
* * *
**Addendum 6562-1, Notable Events:** The following is a list of known incidents where SCP-6562 failed to obey her containment procedures and utilized it's properties:
Date | Incident Description | Aftermath  
---|---|---  
09/03/2019 | While conducting a weekly amenity cost survey on some of the humanoid anomalies in Site-400, SCP-6562 briefly heard the thoughts of SCP-████[2](javascript:;), who intended to breach containment that very day. SCP-6562 reported this to on-site security, who immediately apprehended and detained SCP-████, whom would confessed to orchestrate a breach via the use of makeshift explosives he'd created. | Due to the nature of this incident, SCP-6562 did not receive disciplinary action.  
27/08/2019 | Following [the destruction of the Demonic Research Lab](/scp-7170) by a then-unknown Chaos Insurgency mole, multiple staff members stationed at Site-400 developed feelings of distrust among their fellow colleagues. SCP-6562, without direct permission, began using her properties to solve the identity of the mole and expose them. This would eventually lead her to suspect [`CLASSFIED DATA REMOVED`]. After notifying on-site security, it was discovered that the individual was, in fact, operating under the Insurgency, leading them to be taken taken to Site-██ for required information extraction. | SCP-6562 did not receive disciplinary action. Instead, for her commendable service to the Foundation in seeking out the mole, SCP-6562 was awarded the Foundation Bronze Star.  
14/12/2020 | During an annual visit by an Overseer liaison at Site-400, SCP-6562 would unintentionally break containment protocol and interacted with the liaison in question while they were both in the women's bathroom[3](javascript:;). Due to this, SCP-6562 overheard highly sensitive information regarding the true identity of four Overseer Council members. Later, SCP-6562 would communicate said information to two of her colleagues, who in turn spread it to the entirety of Site-400 via SCiPnet's online messaging software. Once Site Director Desmond was alerted of this circumstance, he immediately initiated Emergency Protocol 489-Praeterio, which successfully mass amnesticized all of Site-400's staff, including SCP-6562. | Following this incident, SCP-6562 was subsequently demoted to a Level 2 Senior Researcher, with her previous position being replaced by another Foundation personnel. Her Bronze Star was also revoked.  
* * *
**Addendum 6562-2, Containment Update:** Due to the Ethics Committee's request to "branch out" the Department of Humanoid Compensation and Intercommunication to other Foundation facilities housing humanoid entities, SCP-6562 was ordered to transfer out of Site-400 in order to ease and give assistance with the integration of the Department.
As of August 3rd, 2021, SCP-6562 is currently stationed at Biological Research Site-188, located in Valdez, Alaska. Her containment procedures has been updated to accommodate this.
**Addendum 6562-3, Audio Transcript:** On September 29th, 2021, Junior Researcher Seachlann Fionntan, who is currently stationed at Site-400, received a call from SCP-6562 through his personal mobile phone. The following is a transcript of the conversation that transpired between the two individuals:
**< BEGIN LOG>**
_Phone call commences._
**Rs. Fionntan:** This is Seachlann.
_Faint rustling._
**Rs. Fionntan:** Hello?
**SCP-6562:** Oh, hey. It's Celesty. Didn't think you'd pick up, Lann. Been calling you since yesterday.
**Rs. Fionntan:** Hey, Cee. Yeah, sorry 'bout that. Just busy with some stuff, y'know?
**SCP-6562:** Ah, okay. I'll call you another time then-
**Rs. Fionntan:** No, no, it's fine. Really, I'm actually was just gonna finish up on this anyways. So, what's up with you? How's it going at One-Eighty-Eight? They treatin' you good?
**SCP-6562:** Yeah, no, they're really nice and welcoming and all of that. Gotta be honest though, it does feel like it's cramped as hell. Heard that they decided to doubled down on the extra rooms for building testing areas or whatever. But I guess that's expected for a Site having "Biological" in their name. You feel me?
**Rs. Fionntan:** Bacteria and viruses and shit. Yeah, I got you. (_chuckles_) So, uhh, why'd you call me? Thought we were gonna meet up for Halloween next month. You good?
**SCP-6562:** (_sighs deeply_) Alright, I gotta be honest with you, Lann. Something's not right with this place. Like, _really_ not right. Even by 400's standards.
**Rs. Fionntan:** What? What're you saying?
**SCP-6562:** I don't know how, but… I think these guys here ain't what they say they are.
**Rs. Fionntan:** Wait, hold on, what? Oh Jesus Christ, Cee. Did… did you use your "hearing" thing again? C'mon, man, you know you're gonna get in trouble for that if anyone-
**SCP-6562:** No, shut up, Lann! Just shut the hell up! You gotta listen to me, please. _Ask_ me what I heard when I used it. C'mon, just ask me.
**Rs. Fionntan:** (_under his breath_) God fuckin' hell. Okay, Cee, what'd you hear? Embezzlement? Bribery? Drugs? Some bullshit with the Insurgency?
**SCP-6562:** Nothing.
**Rs. Fionntan:** Huh?
**SCP-6562:** I said I heard _nothing_. (_voice breaking_) I see them smiling and talking to me, and yet… their heads… It's goddamn _silent_. I'm so used to hearing so many voices that… Like there's just an empty space between where their brains are supposed to be.
**Rs. Fionntan:** Cee, you're not making sense.
**SCP-6562:** I don't expect you to understand, Lann. In fact, I never did. All I'm asking is for you to send-
_Faint knocking._
**Rs. Fionntan:** Cee?
**SCP-6562:** Shit, they found me. I gotta go. Look, just tell somebody about this, okay? Someone like Desmond. Make sure they send a team or whatever. I can't be-
_Phone call terminates._
**< END LOG>**
Jr. Researcher Fionntan would report the above call to Director Desmond, followed by representatives of the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA). Request to dispatch a Mobile Task Force to Site-188 for investigation and potentially neutralization purposes is currently awaiting approval.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). **Pagnum:** Item facilitates its own form of self-containment.
[2](javascript:;). A human adolescent male possessing anomalous metallurgical properties.
[3](javascript:;). Afterwards, SCP-6562 explained that she did not know that the individual was a high-ranking liaison, only thinking that they were a regular visitor from a different Foundation facility.