# SCP-8118
Item Number: SCP-8118
Rating: 170
Series: series-9
Tags: 8000, _listpages, auditory, cognitohazard, featured, hallucination, keter, light, mind-affecting, phenomenon, reality-bending, scp, spatial, structure

---

* * *
**Item #:** SCP-8118  **Object Class:** Keter
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures**
* * *
SCP-8118 is kept within Specialized Containment Site-74, abandoned with the express purpose of housing SCP-8118. All Foundation personnel[1](javascript:;) are prohibited from entering SCS-74.
In accordance with FLAT BOX[2](javascript:;) protocols, SCP-8118 remains unmonitored within the confines of SCS-74. FLAT BOX estimates place an end to containment and anomaly mitigation efforts within the next 15 years.
Despite the conventionally unpredictable fluctuations in SCP-8118-related anomalous activity and the high risk of psychological contamination from exposure to the residual anomalous effluence emitted by SCP-8118, the need for monitoring SCP-8118 and its adverse effect on all video recording equipment make it a necessity for a trained individual to enter SCS-74 at least once a year. Due to the high-risk nature of this assignment,[3](javascript:;) only one individual may enter at a time.
The individual assigned to explore SCS-74, designated Observer,[4](javascript:;) must document SCP-8118's anomalous effects within SCS-74 utilizing audio and video equipment provided by FLAT BOX, for a period of four hours. Following this, the Observer must exit the structure at the exit point. Due to the ramifications of allowing an individual to remain within SCP-8118 indefinitely, the Observer is equipped with a portable GIVEN CRY[5](javascript:;) device, which they are to activate as a last resort in case exit becomes impossible. In case of activation, an emergency contingent of modified Scranton Reality Anchors are to rapidly increase the Hume levels around SCS-74. The Observer is to be considered lost.
* * *
**Description**
* * *
SCP-8118 is an undefined anomaly that resides within SCS-74. All documentation on SCP-8118 prior to the abandonment of SCS-74 has been lost within the structure, making identification of the anomaly a priority for Observers sent into the building housing it. Due to the hostile terrain on location, as well as severe anomalous energy fluctuations within SCS-74, the information recovered from these assignments is limited at best. Debriefs following every attempt at exploration within the area of influence of SCP-8118 have revealed the following information:
  * SCP-8118 is capable of altering the environments within SCS-74, spontaneously rearranging the internal structure of its environment. Despite this, SCS-74 will generally look similar to other Foundation sites constructed in the late 20th century.

  * The interior of SCS-74 is devoid of natural light, despite the windows visible from the exterior of the structure. Artificial sources of light are noted throughout the site, although the environment remains poorly illuminated at all times. Theories surrounding a negative interaction between natural light and SCP-8118 have been widely accepted within FLAT BOX personnel, and its fundaments are utilized in the inner workings of GIVEN CRY.

  * Doorways and hallways are particularly affected by spatial distortion within SCS-74, with several rooms connecting to their own entrances and exits. Despite this, the internal structure shows no signs of non-Euclidean topology, and the effect has been ascribed to sudden displacement of the Observer in conjunction with rapid changes in the environment.

  * SCP-8118's alterations to the environment have been known to mimic familiar environments and favor certain common elements. This has been used to ascribe a degree of sentience to the anomaly, although this is unconfirmed at this time.

  * Some level of psychic interference occurs as a direct effect of being within the range of SCP-8118's anomalous effect field. Observer subjects have referred to significant auditory and visual hallucinations that persist for the entirety of their assignment, compounded by spatial distortions that accent and accommodate said hallucinations. This has been observed in every exploration to SCP-8118, regardless of Cognitive Resistance Value or mental reinforcement of any kind.

  * One of the few references to SCP-8118 within the Foundation's database that remains uncorrupted stresses the danger in allowing SCP-8118 to come into direct contact with brain matter. Although the significance of this warning remains unclear, the suggested courses of action in case this happens have been deemed severe enough to make this warning a top priority. The deployment of GIVEN CRY was determined to be necessary by the Ethics Committee in order to abide by this warning.

* * *
**Addendum-8118-A**  
_Documentation of Observer Assignment 15/02/2024._
* * *
**Audio Log - 15/02/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
_The hum of machinery can be heard decreasing in volume as the recording equipment moves away from a generator. The sound of footsteps on metal is also present in the recording._
**OBSERVER:** Some sort of-
_A gust of wind blows through a large empty space. Audio is momentarily lost to the howling._
**OBSERVER:** It spoke, too.
_The sound of footsteps stops._
**OBSERVER:** Standing in another room now, Archie. Big, open space. Looks a lot like a warehouse; empty, of course. Walls are exposed concrete, floor is still some sort of metal painted bright red. No support beams anywhere, and no exits.
**OBSERVER:** Checking the walls. Found an exit that way a couple rooms back, at the altar.
_Footsteps resume. Intermittently, the sound of a knock against a wall can be heard. After a period of repetition, the knock suddenly stops._
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** The walls are gone. Gone all the way. I'm looking into the room I'm in, from the outside.
_A single footstep._
**OBSERVER:** I saw myself move, past the wall. I'm… still seeing myself move, in the distance.
**OBSERVER:** Like being caught between two mirrors. They aren't mirrors, of course. I checked. Threw a small metal bearing I brought with me towards the area where the wall used to be. Heard it drop behind me. Staying put until I figure out where to go from here.
_Silence on the recording, save for shuffling on the floor. After a period of several minutes, a low hum can be heard on the recording, growing slightly louder as time goes on._
**OBSERVER:** Something's coming.
_The hum continues to increase in volume._
**OBSERVER:** Coming from everywhere. All at once. It's coming from where the walls were, but I can't see- Ah.
_The hum starts drowning out the recording._
**OBSERVER:** There it is.
* * *
**RECORDING END**
* * *
  

* * *
  

**Audio Log - 15/02/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
_The sound of footsteps on a wooden surface are heard in the recording, accompanied by heavy breathing._
**OBSERVER:** Archie, when I get back, remind me to add that there's a potential fire inside the site. I can still feel a bit of smoke inside my lungs.
_The sound of footsteps stops. The breathing sounds start gradually becoming less labored._
**OBSERVER:** I'm fine here for now, I think. The fire doesn't seem to have spread since I last saw it.
_A pause._
**OBSERVER:** Come to think of it…
**OBSERVER:** I'm standing, uh. No clue where I am anymore. Wasn't too far from the entrance when the fire started.
**OBSERVER:** I must've been in the room for, what, ten minutes? I couldn't find a way out through the smoke.
**OBSERVER:** That… How did I not pass out?
_The sound of breathing stops._
**OBSERVER:** Archie, the fire might have not been real. I don't seem to have any problem breathing regularly. Bracelet says O2 saturation is at 98, too.
_Another pause, interrupted occasionally by the sound of light footsteps._
**OBSERVER:** I'm standing in a small room. Can't be much bigger than a meeting room back at the site. No sign of any exits, though.
**OBSERVER:** There's something propped up against one of the walls. A metal box, the size of a vending machine.
_Footsteps, followed by the sound of metal scraping against the wooden floor._
**OBSERVER:** Oh. Must've been hollow.
**OBSERVER:** There's an exit through here. Looks like it leads deeper into the site, which must be something SCP-8118 is causing. I should've hit an exit a while ago.
**OBSERVER:** I'm gonna go through, but it'll be a tight fit. The opening seems to lead somewhere, from the lights I can see a ways in, but the passage itself is barely wide enough for me to be able to fit through. Gonna have to- yeah. Lean into it a bit.
_The sound of footsteps on concrete is heard for the following 5 minutes._
**OBSERVER:** I don't think I'm getting any closer. The light still looks about as far away. Don't know if it's an anomaly or a trick of the light, though.
_The sound of footsteps on concrete is heard for the following 10 minutes, and abruptly stops._
**OBSERVER:** Fuck. It was an anomaly.
**OBSERVER:** At some point, The opening I came through disappeared. I don't know when, I stopped paying attention barely a couple of minutes ago. It was a couple hundred feet from me every time, too.
**OBSERVER:** I'm gonna stay here for a second. Need to know what to do.
_The sound of footsteps on concrete is heard for the following 40 minutes._
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I, uh.
**OBSERVER:** I got nothing.
**OBSERVER:** The light does not grow brighter or dimmer no matter what direction I move in. I definitely can't break through the wall, unless I have a sledgehammer in the survival kit y'all sent me.
**OBSERVER:** I think-
_A pause._
**OBSERVER:** I think I'm gonna use it. The thing.
_Rustling can be heard, followed by a series of electronic sounds as a device is powered on. A low hum can be heard in the recording._
**OBSERVER:** You know… I don't even know what it does.
**OBSERVER:** I didn't want to know, I think. The guys at briefing told me to turn it on if I knew I wasn't gonna make it. They told me they could explain what the device would do, if I wanted them to. The way they said that was all I needed to know.
**OBSERVER:** They said it was a last resort, but saying it should only be used if I am sure I can't make it back makes me doubt that.
_A beeping sound._
**OBSERVER:** 'Armed'. Yeah. That's what I'd call something the user could survive.
**OBSERVER:** I don't have any last words. I could've had some, but then I wouldn't be the person being sent here, would I?
**OBSERVER:** Fuck it. Gon-
* * *
**RECORDING END**
* * *
  

* * *
  

**Audio Log - 15/02/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
_Heavy breathing, accompanied by the sounds of someone running._
**OBSERVER:** Fuck.
_Silence, save for the sounds of running._
**OBSERVER:** FUCK!
_Running continues for the next 5 minutes. It stops, with the only sounds now being heavy breathing._
**OBSERVER:** I'm clear, I think.
**OBSERVER:** Saw something move. Human.
**OBSERVER:** Human-like. No clue if it was 8118. How many people have gotten stuck here?
**OBSERVER:** I don't think all of them got to trigger GIVEN CRY.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** Standing in, uh. Room's one big window. Pitch black outside, from where I'm standing. I don't think there's anything past the glass.
_Footsteps._
**OBSERVER:** Haven't really caught my breath yet. It's all one piece of glass, spherical. There's a loveseat in the middle of the room, which I am not touching with a ten-foot pole.
**OBSERVER:** I don't see any way back out of the room that isn't where I came from, and I'd rather camp out here forever than go back.
**OBSERVER:** It was- It was really a sight, Archie. Whatever I saw, it was eating a corpse.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** The blood was dry, too. It doesn't live off the human flesh. It was showing me.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I've all but forgotten what the original floor plan was for the site. I _think_ I'm underground. Gut feeling.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** And yet, through the glass, there's only the abyss.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I'm… Starting to see things, Archie. I think.
**OBSERVER:** There's just- you know how one of your eyes can sometimes see past an obstacle? How sometimes, when you close one eye, your perspective shifts enough to let you see beyond someone's head?
**OBSERVER:** That feeling's followed me all day.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I don't know where any door leads, in here. I couldn't care less about finding whatever's causing this anymore. I just wanna close my left eye, and see the things hiding in the dark.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I can see a small spot, you know? Beyond the abyss, through the glass. I didn't think it was real, but as I see it now nothing has ever looked more real.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** A small glimmer.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** Growing slightly closer, too.
_Silence in the recording for the next 10 minutes. A low hum can be picked up by enhancing the audio quality, although it is imperceptible otherwise. It slowly rises in pitch as time goes on._
**OBSERVER:** Heh.
* * *
**RECORDING END**
* * *
  

* * *
  

**Audio Log - 15/02/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
_The sound of running water can be heard at great volume. Metallic sounds are present throughout the recording, at random intervals._
**OBSERVER:** I'm standing in a tunnel, about, uh, about an hour since I last checked in. I'm not sure why I turned off the recording, but at some [unintelligible] it must've stopped.
**OBSERVER:** The tunnel itself is way too big to be part of a sewer. You could fit about 10 people on the corridor next to the water. No clue where the water is coming from, source must be too far away.
_A pause._
**OBSERVER:** The water looks contaminated too; milky white. I've seen water like this at some rivers, but nothing quite [unintelligible].
**OBSERVER:** Gonna keep heading downstream. I don't trust this place. I got too close to something, and my gut tells me this place wasn't exactly here before I entered the site.
_The sound of running water drowns out all other environmental sounds, although footsteps can be made out at times._
**OBSERVER:** I can't make out any exit. I feel like I'm [unintelligible] underground, but I should've seen some sort of ladder at this point.
_The sound of running water slowly gains momentum._
**OBSERVER:** Water level's rising. It doesn't [unintelligible] any different, though.
_The sound of running water continues to grow, and abruptly stops several minutes later._
**OBSERVER:** It stopped.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** Perfectly still now.
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** I'm picking up a sample.
_The sound of a bag hitting the ground, and rummaging. After a few seconds, it stops._
**OBSERVER:** I can see my reflection.
**OBSERVER:** The water is still completely opaque. No source of light anywhere.
_Rippling sounds._
**OBSERVER:** Like looking into a mirror. It's really quite beautiful. The water, I mean.
**OBSERVER:** .huh, ecafrus dilos a hcuot dna tuo hcaer dluoc uoy ekil leef tsomla uoY
* * *
**RECORDING END**
* * *
  

* * *
  

**Audio Log - 15/02/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
**OBSERVER:** Hold on, I'm calling him.
**OBSERVER:** Archie! You will not believe who I found alive down here!
**OBSERVER:** It's [COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED]!
_Silence._
**OBSERVER:** Archie? Bud?
_Silence, interrupted by the sound of metal on concrete._
**OBSERVER:** No I just don't- No I get that, but you know how the Foundation is- man, you don't even know about what's been going on. Ok, hold on, gonna just- Archie, [COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED] is _alive_ , man! You really can't- you're not even gonna check in?
_Silence, and the sound of bone cracking._
**OBSERVER:** You _know_ [COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED]. I don't get why you'd be such a piece of shit about this. God, he even got 8118!
_Squelching noises._
**OBSERVER:** Archie, we _have_ it! It's been dying here all along! [COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED] did- what did you do, again?
_A low hum can be heard in the recording._
**OBSERVER:** Dude, that's, what? Whatever, Archie'll get it. Sorry Arch, he did something to the GIVEN CRY he came in with, roasted the fucker alive. It's great.
_Squelching noises._
**OBSERVER:** We're standing on top of it right now! We figured it all out!
**OBSERVER:** And you won't fucking answer! Fuck!
_Squelching noises can be heard in the recording for the following 10 minutes. At the five minute mark, quiet sobs can also be heard._
* * *
**RECORDING END**
* * *
  

* * *
  

[{$previous-title}](/)
[▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓](/)
[SCP-8724](/scp-8724)
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). With the exception of individuals cleared by project FLAT BOX personnel.
[2](javascript:;). ▓▓▓▓ ▓▓ ▓▓▓▓ ▓▓ ▓▓▓.
[3](javascript:;). **6** ▓▓▓▓. **7** ▓▓▓▓.
[4](javascript:;). ▓▓▓ ▓▓.
[5](javascript:;). ▓▓▓▓▓▓.