# SCP-8010
Item Number: SCP-8010
Rating: 155
Series: series-9
Tags: 8000, _licensebox, building, esoteric-class, meta, scp, spatial

---

Three kisses to seal the letter, then mail it back home.
**Item#:** SCP-8010
**Object Class:** [Enochian](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/esoteric-classes-complete-list)[1](javascript:;)
**Special Containment Procedures:** "A concerted country team effort should be made now to select civilian and military personnel for clandestine training in resistance operations in case they are needed later. This should be done with a view toward development of a civil and military structure for exploitation in the event the Colombian internal security system deteriorates further. This structure should be used to pressure toward reforms known to be needed, perform counter-agent and counter-propaganda functions and as necessary execute paramilitary, sabotage and/or terrorist activities against known communist proponents. It should be backed by the United States."
**Description:** SCP-8010 is the designation for a mid-sized home, with periwinkle siding and cream-white trim, a modest wooden fence, not white picket, hurricane-proof windows; SCP-8010 has three bedrooms, two and a half baths. The lawn is green, not too green, but decently tended to, about once or twice a month. There's a small patch of dead grass where the dog goes potty. There's a dark oak staircase you can walk up, the fifth step creaky just enough that she hears you when you leave at night. The kitchen within SCP-8010 is spacious, full of cabinetry and pantry, but always a little bit messy. The dining room never gets used, but that's okay. SCP-8010 has a myriad of electronics, a GameCube, a flat screen TV, a rice cooker, and even a thermostat. If you go upstairs, you can find the bedrooms, always neat and tidy, primarily from disuse. The beds are comfortable enough to sleep in, never laid in more than they need to, anyways. The living room carpet is fuzzy and brown, with the odd stain or two from where you spilled apple juice. The dog fur gets everywhere, but that's okay. The master bedroom upstairs has a queen-sized bed, even though it could easily fit a king. You can peel a banana with a bright blue sticker and eat it.
SCP-8010 is the designation for an occlusion phenomenon affecting a suburban-style dwelling located in the Sahara Desert. Despite clearly being able to determine the distance of SCP-8010, and exerting significant physical effort to travel closer to SCP-8010, subjects never quite seem to be able to get there. Keep going, though, you got this!
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
PoufyPoufson's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-8541](/scp-8541) • [SCP-8465](/scp-8465) • [SCP-8981](/scp-8981) • [SCP-7783](/scp-7783) • [SCP-6541](/scp-6541) • [SCP-7419](/scp-7419) • [SCP-8031](/scp-8031) • [SCP-7811](/scp-7811) • [SCP-5125](/scp-5125) • [SPHERE](/scp-7793) • [SCP-7575](/scp-7575) • [SCP-8332](/scp-8332) • [SCP-3169](/scp-3169) • [Poufy's Proposal](/poufys-proposal) • [SCP-7541](/scp-7541) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [UIU File: 1993-273](/uiu-file-1993-273) • [Yours Truly, The 1st Annual Unbirthday Ball](/yourstrulyfirstunbirthdayball) •  
Other |  [SCP-POUF](/poufypoufson) • [Fear of Death](/art:fear-of-death) •  
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Item cannot be contained due to its properties constituting an aspect of baseline reality.