# SCP-5593
Item Number: SCP-5593
Rating: 112
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, _marine, alive, animal, aquatic, cetacean, jam-con2021, keter, liquid, sapient, scp

---

PlaguePJP: VII
by PlaguePJP
**SCP-5593** — _Unclogged_
* * *
[▸ More by this Author ◂](http://www.scp-wiki.net/plaguepjp)
* * *
{$comments2}
[F.A.Q.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers)
{$doesthisfixthebug}
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5593 is contained within the plumbing fixtures of Site-103. Containment efforts are focused on extraction and recontainment. Following the events of Addendum 5593.1, SCP-5593 has been reclassified to Neutralized.
* * *
**Description:** SCP-5593 is an anomaly affecting the plumbing fixtures and water pipes of Site-49, causing large amounts of seawater to forcefully spray out at random intervals. Microbial analysis has determined that this water stems from the Pacific Ocean, over 2500 kilometers from the location of Site-103.
Time of SCP-5593 Occurrence | Location  
---|---  
13:47 - 12/04/2012 | 3rd Floor Employee Restroom - West  
02:34 - 12/05/2012 | 3rd Floor Cafeteria Sink - East  
22:19 - 12/06/2012 | 2nd Floor Water Fountains - West  
17:38 - 12/09/2012 | 4th Floor Eye Wash Station[1](javascript:;)\- East  
**Addendum 5593.1:** Interview
On 12/10/2012, Dr. Jorge Diaz initiated an accidental altercation with the apparent entity behind the SCP-5593 occurrences. Below is security footage of that event.
**INTERVIEW**
* * *
_(Footage displays the West wing’s Researcher Restroom. A toilet flushes and Dr. Diaz exits a stall, walking over to a sink.)_
_(All four faucets explode from their basins from the force of the water, drenching Dr. Diaz in the process. In reaction, Diaz bangs on the sink while yelling profanities.)_
**Entity:** HEY, WHAT THE HELL MAN!
**Diaz:** Huh — Hello? Who is this?
**Entity:** You just made this even more uncomfortable than it already is with your banging. Calm it down.
**Diaz:** Are you the one responsible for the water coming out of the pipes?
**Entity:** Probably man, I’m just trying to get out of this joint but people like _you_ keep interrupting me.
**Diaz:** No, you listen to me asshole, this whole week you’ve been destroying—
**Entity:** I’m stuck in here! I’ve been trying to find a way out since ending up in this decrepit hellhole. Thought I was making some progress but I think I was just going back and forth.
**Diaz:** …How did you—
**Entity:** I didn’t do it in purpose! I just made a wrong turn or something.
**Diaz:** You’re aware you’re in Missouri, right? Kansas City, to be exact. Not sure you know where that is…
**Entity:** Of course, just my luck I end up with the Italians.
**Diaz:** That’s just not — Wait, if you could ask for help this whole time why didn’t you just… do that?
**Entity:** I get anxiety when I talk to people I don’t know.
**Diaz:** _(Sigh.)_ Just stay put.
The wall behind the restroom was demolished, revealing no immediately apparent anomalies. The pipes were subsequently unscrewed, causing an explosion of extreme force from within. 68,000 kilograms of viscera and water erupted into the restroom and into the hallway, killing the mechanic team investigating.
Medical examination of the organic material revealed the originating organism to be a non-anomalous Blue Whale.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Discovered while in use.
* * *
* * *
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
PlaguePJP's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [Plague's Proposal](/plague-s-proposal) _(+389)_ • [SCP-6597](/scp-6597) _(+182)_ • [SCP-8595](/scp-8595) _(+412)_ • [SCP-618](/scp-618) _(+155)_ • [SCP-8000](/scp-8000) _(+1047)_ • [SCP-5594](/scp-5594) _(+106)_ • [SCP-6750](/scp-6750) _(+81)_ • [SCP-5787](/scp-5787) _(+289)_ • [SCP-6593](/scp-6593) _(+202)_ • [SCP-7591](/scp-7591) _(+196)_ • [SCP-6596](/scp-6596) _(+315)_ • [Plauge's Proposal](/plauge-proposal) _(+261)_ • [SCP-8593](/scp-8593) _(+193)_ • [SCP-8598](/scp-8598) _(+167)_ • [SCP-7590](/scp-7590) _(+157)_ •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [HOGSLICE Makes A Friend](/hogslice-makes-a-friend) _(+172)_ •  
Other |  [PLAGUEPJPAGE](/plaguepjp) _(+208)_ •