# SCP-4934
Item Number: SCP-4934
Rating: 269
Series: series-5
Tags: _licensebox, autonomous, location, neutralized, reality-bending, researcher-rex, scp

---

Th-th-th-that's all folks!
**Item #:** SCP-4934
**Object Class:** Neutralized (Formerly Safe)
**Special Containment Procedures:** The Jones estate has been purchased by a Foundation front company, and a 4 meter privacy fence has been installed. SCP-4934 researchers are housed within the property under cover story C5-A, "mourning relatives".
**Description:** SCP-4934 is the late cartoonist Chuck Jones' private study, located within his Newport Beach, CA estate. The room is inaccessible and entry is prevented through various means (see below), including variances in local reality, the manifestation of additional humanoid entities, or the appearance of dangerous objects and substances. Anomalous activity ceases when the door to SCP-4934 is shut.  
  
  
**Addendum 4934.01** Notable Breach Attempts
> **Attempt #:** 1  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 and attempts to enter. Researcher Rex steps on a rake, forcing the pole of the object to swing at his face and causing him to stumble backward. The door to SCP-4934 shuts immediately afterward.
> **Attempt #:** 5  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934. There are no immediately observable obstacles or obstructions, and Rex is ordered to enter. Rex is unable to enter, as the entry to the room has been replaced with a painted facsimile of the room over a brick wall.
> **Attempt #:** 18  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934, revealing a nude woman bathing. The woman shrieks in alarm and strikes Rex before shutting the door.
> **Attempt #:** 26  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 and is immediately swept away by a line of Can-can dancers, which demanifest upon entering the hallway. The last dancer shuts the door behind it prior to demanifestation.
> **Attempt #:** 46  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 and attempts to enter. Immediately upon passing the threshold, a 50 kg anvil was dropped on his head and the door shuts behind him. Researcher Rex was recovered from the home's basement five minutes later having suffered no major injuries.
> **Attempt #:** 66  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 to reveal a series of continuously smaller doors. 32 doors are opened until the experiment is canceled. The doors to SCP-4934 shut immediately afterward.
> **Attempt #:** 75  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 to reveal a tall human male dressed in a trenchcoat and fedora. The subject points a revolver at Researcher Rex and says "Get outta here, see? Scram! Scram, see?" in a Chicago accent before shutting the door.
> **Attempt #:** 82  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 to reveal the room had been filled with various lit explosives. Researcher Rex shuts the door immediately. Smoke was observed to emerge from underneath the door after a loud explosion is heard. Blast damage was not observed in the room on the following attempt.
> **Attempt #:** 96  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 to reveal a humanoid entity identical to himself. Each appeared to mimic the movement of the other, therefore preventing entry into SCP-4934. After two minutes of mimicking one another, the duplicate within the room loudly and abruptly kisses Researcher Rex, shoves him, then shuts the door.
> **Attempt #:** 101  
>  **Result:** Researcher Rex opens the door to SCP-4934 to reveal shut red curtains. After five seconds, the head of a porcine-humanoid hybrid emerges from between the curtains and says "th-th-th-that's all folks!" before shutting the door.
> Following this attempt, the door to SCP-4934 could be opened without further anomalous activity. SCP-4934 was reclassified as Neutralized after a one-week observation period.
  
  
  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Uncle Nicolini's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-8913](/scp-8913) • [SCP-7260](/scp-7260) • [Nico's Proposal II](/nicos-proposal-ii) • [SCP-ES-076](/scp-es-076) • [Abraka David's Proposal](/abraka-davids-proposal) • [SCP-7926](/scp-7926) • [SCP-2983](/scp-2983) • [SCP-ADMONITION-J](/scp-admonition-j) • [SCP-4206](/scp-4206) • [SCP-4026](/scp-4026) • [SCP-654](/scp-654) • [SCP-7833](/scp-7833) • [SCP-057-INT](/scp-057-int) • [SCP-1046](/scp-1046) • [SCP-MYSTERY-J](/scp-mystery-j) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [Nobody Likes Having Enemies](/nobody-likes-having-enemies) • [The Hermit, Death, and The Devil](/the-hermit-death-and-the-devil) • [An Epitaph For SCP-173](/an-epitaph-for-scp-173) • [High Pressure Low](/high-pressure-low) • [Sebastian](/sebastian) • [If They Like You, I Like You](/if-they-like-you-i-like-you) • [Tim Wilson's Close Shave](/tim-wilson-s-close-shave) • [Dr. Cimmerian Hits Reply All](/cimmerian-sends-650-pms) • [SPC-446](/spc-446) • [UN's Proposal... Maybe.](/nicos-stupid-proposal) • [Myocardial Infarction](/myocardial-infarction) • [Fifteenth Anonymous Donation](/fifteenth-anonymous-donation) • [WANTED: THE THIEVES' DOMAIN](/wanted-the-thieves-domain) • [Point / Counterpoint](/point-counterpoint) • [Two Minutes To Midnight](/two-minutes-to-midnight) •  
Other |  [Sciptember 2022 Art Highlights](/sciptember-2022-art) • [uncle nicolini author page](/uncle-nicolini-author-page) • [Ode To The Unknown Author](/ode-to-the-unknown-author) •