# SCP-5652
Item Number: SCP-5652
Rating: 44
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, alive, animal, aquatic, euclid, fish, microscopic, scp, shark, shark-punching-center

---

[Cremo](javascript:;)
You can check out more of my works here:
[cremo](/cremo)
Item#: 5652
Level2
Containment Class:
euclid
Secondary Class:
none
Disruption Class:
dark
Risk Class:
notice
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5652 is to be contained in a petri dish filled with water at Site-228's aquatic wing. For feeding purposes, an _archaeon_ (provided by the biological research facility) is to be placed into SCP-5652's petri dish daily.
**Description:** SCP-5652 is a microscopic entity resembling an adult female hammerhead shark[1](javascript:;) with an approximate 4 μm body length. Its intelligence appears to be higher than an average non-anomalous member of its species. SCP-5652's primary diet is composed of various microorganisms but it notably prefers _bacteria_ and _archaea_.
SCP-5652 was discovered in Budapest within the bloodstream of Joseph Hemér, a local architect. Hemér recently arrived in Budapest from a Caribbean business trip[2](javascript:;) when he reportedly started to feel mild pain/discomfort in his cardiovascular system. Later during a medical examination, SCP-5652 was discovered and retrieved by the embedded Foundation agents, but the pain was still present.
Two days after SCP-5652's discovery, the source of the pain was found. 10 heavily damaged humanoid automatons of similar sizes to SCP-5652 were discovered embedded in the walls of Hemér's blood vessels. The automatons are noted to have disproportionally large hands.
Further research revealed that the automatons were remote-controlled and a small symbol depicting a modified version of the [Foundation's sigil](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/spc-hub) was found printed on the chest of each automaton.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). _Sphyrna mokarran_
[2](javascript:;). The presumed location of the contact with SCP-5652. Research ongoing.