# SCP-4026
Item Number: SCP-4026
Rating: 352
Series: series-5
Tags: _licensebox, auditory, black-comedy, cognitohazard, comedy, humanoid, memory-affecting, neutralized, scp

---

What a douchebag.
  * [](javascript:;)
[close](javascript:;)
## Info
* * *
[X](javascript:;)
⚠️ **Content warning:** This work of fiction involves scenes which depict or allude to topics which may be particularly distressing for some readers.
    * Suicide
* * *

⚠️ content warning 
**Item #:** SCP-4026
**Object Class:** Neutralized
**Special Containment Procedures:** No containment procedures are necessary at this time.
**Description:** SCP-4026 is a phenomenon affecting an estimated 100 meter stretch of land of the Beachy Head chalk headland in East Sussex, England. In order to activate an SCP-4026 event, a single subject must approach an affected area with suicidal intent. Upon coming within 5 meters of the cliff's edge, SCP-4026-1 will manifest and engage the subject.
SCP-4026-1 resembles a humanoid of indeterminate age and sex, which possesses minor cognitohazardous properties. Attempts to capture or describe any aspect of SCP-4026-1 (aside from its voice) have thus far resulted in failure. Survivors of SCP-4026 events claim to have no memory of interacting with SCP-4026-1, but are able to recall being dissuaded from ending their lives via unexplained means, typically citing an overabundance of negative emotion and disgust at their actions. SCP-4026-1 will demanifest when its target is no longer within 5 meters of it.
93% of recorded SCP-4026 events result in the activating subject's survival.
**Addendum 4026.01:** On 07/07/2019, one Elliot Schneider (Male, Age 32) approached a hidden SCP-4026 observation area and triggered the anomaly. Notably, this was the first instance in which an SCP-4026 event lasted longer than five minutes. Below is a transcribed log of Schneider's interaction with SCP-4026-1.
> **< BEGIN LOG>**
> **SCP-4026-1:** Lovely view, isn't it?
> **Schneider:** Bloody hell, where did you come from?
> **SCP-4026-1:** I'm always round these parts. It's good fun, it is.
> **Schneider:** Yeah right.
> **SCP-4026-1:** You thinking of jumping? That's why most people come here, you know.
> **Schneider:** So what, are you out here playing guardian angel? I appreciate the gesture but really, I uh, I'd rather not get into it. Just please leave.
> **SCP-4026-1:** Oh no, I'd rather stay. Have a chit-chat. What do you say?
> **Schneider:** No. Why do you care so much?
> **SCP-4026-1:** Don't worry about it. You married?
> **Schneider:** No, not since last February.
> **SCP-4026-1:** Any kids? Did she take them?
> **Schneider:** Yeah, full custody. Took the dog, too.
> **SCP-4026-1:** Wow. Even the dog. Sounds like she really did a number on you.
> **Schneider:** Jesus mate. Are you trying to get me to fucking jump?
> **SCP-4026-1:** Why, yes. It's why I'm here.
> **Schneider:** Holy shit.
> **SCP-4026-1:** It's quite a lovely show, and it's a shame no one else is around to see it.
> **Schneider:** … this is how you get your kicks, you sick fuck?
> **SCP-4026-1:** Are you planning on putting on a show or not?
> _[There is a silence for thirty seconds. Schneider's breathing becomes labored before vocalizing in frustration.]_
> **SCP-4026-1:** Well?
> **Schneider:** I made up my mind.
> **SCP-4026-1:** Oh? Will you do it?
> **Schneider:** Only if you answer a question for me first.
> **SCP-4026-1:** I typically would refuse, but… you look promising. Go for it.
> **Schneider:** Why do you like watching people jump off?
> **SCP-4026-1:** No reason. It beats doing nothing.
> **Schneider:** Really? You just like watching people jump off these cliffs? Simple as that?
> **SCP-4026-1:** Were you expecting some great, complicated answer? It really doesn't get any more complicated than that. Now go on then, I've waited long enough.
> **Schneider:** Fuck you.
> **SCP-4026-1:** Yes, yes fuck me and all that now g-
> _[There are sounds of a scuffle between the two for fifteen seconds until only Schneider's labored breathing is audible. SCP-4026-1 screams.]_
> _[There is a distant thud followed by silence, interrupted only by Schneider's breathing.]_
> **Schneider:** … shit… shit! The police are going to fuckin' kill me!
> **< END LOG>**
Foundation agents moved in to seize Schneider and search for SCP-4026-1. Despite the sound of an object impacting against the beach under the cliffside and Schneider's insinuations, no remains were found. No further SCP-4026 events have occurred since and is considered Neutralized.
Following these events, Schneider was assigned a psychiatrist and therapist in London after standard relocation amnestic treatment.
  
  
  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Uncle Nicolini's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-7337](/scp-7337) • [SCP-057-INT](/scp-057-int) • [SCP-7926](/scp-7926) • [SCP-3803](/scp-3803) • [SCP-1712](/scp-1712) • [SCP-5057](/scp-5057) • [SCP-1542](/scp-1542) • [SCP-3297](/scp-3297) • [SCP-ES-357](/scp-es-357) • [SCP-7221](/scp-7221) • [SCP-ADMONITION-J](/scp-admonition-j) • [Abraka David's Proposal](/abraka-davids-proposal) • [SCP-4056](/scp-4056) • [SCP-7725](/scp-7725) • [SCP-6911](/scp-6911) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [If They Like You, I Like You](/if-they-like-you-i-like-you) • [July 26th ETTRA Emergency Meeting](/error-404-database-not-found) • [WANTED: THE THIEVES' DOMAIN](/wanted-the-thieves-domain) • [Borne on the FM Waves of the Heart](/borne-on-the-fm-waves-of-the-heart) • [SPC-7000](/spc-7000) • [SCP-5057 Additional Documentation](/the-good-ending) • [Seven Days With Mr. Fish](/seven-days-with-mr-fish) • [Critter Profile: Maya!](/critter-profile-maya) • [Dark Sushi File No. 995 "Suisame"](/yamizushi-file-no995) • [The Remains Of The Day](/the-remains-of-the-day) • [SC-99/734/01/506](/sc-99-734-01-506) • [Hatuey, the First American Rebel](/hatuey) • [Tactical Theology Disciplinary Meeting for Diana Ribiero](/tactical-theology-disciplinary-meeting-diana-ribiero) • [An Epitaph For SCP-173](/an-epitaph-for-scp-173) • [Life Insurance Policy](/life-insurance-policy) •  
Other |  [uncle nicolini author page](/uncle-nicolini-author-page) • [Ode To The Unknown Author](/ode-to-the-unknown-author) • [Sciptember 2022 Art Highlights](/sciptember-2022-art) •