# SCP-2728
Item Number: SCP-2728
Rating: 245
Series: series-3
Tags: _licensebox, agent-laferrier, building, euclid, extradimensional, portal, scp

---

  * [](javascript:;)
[close](javascript:;)
## Info
* * *
[X](javascript:;)
**More by[DarkStuff](/dr-k-stuff-s-personnel-file)~!**
* * *

**Item #:** SCP-2728
**Object Class:** Euclid
**Special Containment Procedures:** The section of land from which SCP-2728 can be viewed is to be cordoned off, marked as private property, and designated Research Area 2728[1](javascript:;). Research Area 2728 must be disguised as civilian owned land. All security cameras should be hidden, and subjects who cross into Research Area 2728 must be detained. Detained subjects should be interrogated and given Class C amnestics before being released.
**Description:** SCP-2728 consists of a small area containing an office building in Barcelona, Spain. It can only be viewed from a specific viewpoint 25 km outside of city limits, now designated Research Area 2728. Any and all attempts to reach the office building have failed, with subjects instructed to the point of SCP-2728's existence instead viewing a street corner in a pedestrian neighborhood. While SCP-2728 is visible, the area around it also appears slightly modified to accommodate for its existence. For example, the buildings around it appear smaller and spaced in such a way to allow the office building's position.
SCP-2728 appears to be inhabited, with close viewing showing business hours between 8:00 to 18:00. SCP-2728 is inactive on Sundays, only occasionally being visited by a subject assumed to be the custodian. Extensive observation of SCP-2728 since 19██ has recorded over 14,000 individuals who appear to have interacted with SCP-2728. Where these subjects go when they are not within SCP-2728 is unknown.
Most subjects within SCP-2728, hereby designated SCP-2728-A, appear to have real world counterparts. The SCP-2728-A subject looks exactly like the real world subject, and shares the same name[2](javascript:;). Similarity of personalities and other factors is hard to determine, due to the nature of SCP-2728. Most counterparts of SCP-2728-A live inside Barcelona, or nearby, but some live as far away as South Africa.
**Addendum-2728-1:** On September █, 20██, a test was conducted involving [Agent LaFerrier](http://www.scp-wiki.net/the-consequences-of-a-deep-dark-disassociation). A research team, stationed at the SCP-2728 viewpoint, instructed Agent LaFerrier through a cellphone. LaFerrier was given directions to SCP-2728, and informed of its anomalous properties. The goal of the test was to confirm no changes in the behavior of SCP-2728[3](javascript:;). Agent LaFerrier reported no change in the behavior of SCP-2728, stating that he was "still looking at a street corner". However, the research team observed an identical copy of Agent LaFerrier, appearing awestruck, looking up at SCP-2728. Further observation showed the copy attempting to talk into a white cellphone identical to the one given to Agent LaFerrier, appearing confused and frustrated. Agent LaFerrier was instructed to return, and was subsequently detained. No other tests to date have yielded similar results.
The following is an interview with Agent LaFerrier upon his return to the research team. The following interview was conducted by Dr. Hillenburg following detainment. Agent LaFerrier was designated SCP-2728-1 following the incident.
> **Date:** 9/█/██  
>  **Interviewer:** Dr. Hillenburg  
>  **Interviewee:** SCP-2728-1
> <Begin Log>
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _How are we doing today, LaFerrier?_
> **SCP-2728-1:** _Ok, I guess. Still don't know what's going on, but I'm in for the ride._
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _Please recall your experience while being directed to SCP-2728._
> **SCP-2728-1:** _Well, I followed directions. I don't know what else you want me to say. I took a left here, a right here, all by foot, landed at the site of SCP-2728, saw the street corner like usual, and was told to come back._
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _Please elaborate on exactly what happened once you reached the site of SCP-2728._
> **SCP-2728-1:** _Well, after I saw the street corner, and reported I saw the street corner, there was a long pause from the research team's end. They didn't say anything for a while. But then, then they did, and I came back. What else do you want me to say?_
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _Absolutely anything you can say about the incident._
> **SCP-2728-1:** _What incident? I was not informed!_
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _Please remain calm, we don't do anything without reason._
> **SCP-2728-1:** (Pauses) _Fine, it's fine. Ok. There's one other thing. When I saw the street corner, I got a headrush. Y'know, vision goes fuzzy, hearing is muffled. You get them all the time when you stand up too fast or something. Is that what you wanted to hear?_
> **Dr. Hillenburg:** _That is exactly what I wanted to hear. Thank you for your cooperation._
> <End Log>
After the log, Agent LaFerrier was informed of the incident, and placed in a normal human containment cell. Agent LaFerrier resisted, but ultimately allowed himself to be contained.
EDIT: _After a week, Agent LaFerrier has been let out of containment, and has taken back his previous position. It is still largely unknown if Agent LaFerrier is anomalous. Agent LaFerrier continues to be heavily monitored._
**Addendum-2728-2:** On April ██, 20██, a bright flashing light shone through the windows of SCP-2728 at 21:00. After initial observation, it was shortly discovered to be Morse code. The following is a transcription of the Morse code, beginning shortly after the light started flashing.
> <Begin Log>
> […] ND I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE THERE [pause] I CHECKED THE HILL AND THERE WAS NO FENCE AND NO RESEARCH TEAM I AM BEGINNING TO THINK YOU HAVE LEFT ME [pause] OR THAT I HAVE ENTERED ANOTHER PLACE [pause] POINT IS I HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOING ON AND YOU NEED TO GET ME OUT OF HERE [pause] I DONT GET IT [pause] EVERYTHING HERE IS NORMAL I CANT FIND ANY ANOMALIES OR FOUNDATION ITS LIKE YOU DONT EXIST [pause] YOU DIDNT TELL ME THIS COULD HAPPEN YOU FUCKS I NOW HAVE A FUCKING OFFICE JOB IN THIS STUPID BUILDING BECAUSE OF YOU [pause] AND YELLING AT PEOPLE IN MORSE CODE IS NOT AS CATHARTIC AS YOUD EXPECT [pause] ITS LIKE THERES NOTHING HERE [pause] ITS TOO NORMAL IM [pause] SCARED [pause] YOU DIDNT TELL ME [long pause] FUCK OFF
> <End Log>
An SCP-2728-A individual, identical to Agent LaFerrier, has been seen working in SCP-2728 since the incident. It is assumed this SCP-2728-A individual is the same seen during the LaFerrier test, and the one that sent Morse code.
**Addendum-2728-3:** On May ██, 20██, a bright flashing light shone through the windows of SCP-2728 at 21:00, similar to the previous event. Staff already at the viewpoint were able to catch the message in its entirety. The following is a transcription.
> NOBODY HERE [pause] THEY ALL WORK AND DO NOTHING [pause] I FEEL THIS ISNT EVEN BARCELONA [pause] NOT EVEN A COPY [pause] NO ONE HERE KNOWS [pause] ITS LIKE THEYRE INSECTS [pause] SKY IS NEVER BLUE [pause] NEVER [pause] BLACK [long pause] THERES NOTHING OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Roughly 5 square kilometers in an ovoid shape. Details can be found on a map of Research Area 2728.
[2](javascript:;). Names gathered from observation of name tags and desk plaques, among other things. All objects have been viewed via high definition cameras, binoculars, and similar equipment.
[3](javascript:;). These regular tests are performed every 4 months.
  
  
  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
DarkStuff's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-3713](/scp-3713) _(+220)_ • [SCP-6131](/scp-6131) _(+117)_ • [SCP-3466](/scp-3466) _(+330)_ • [SCP-445-EX](/scp-445-ex) _(+190)_ • [SCP-3465](/scp-3465) _(+223)_ • [SCP-4029](/scp-4029) _(+182)_ • [SCP-3018](/scp-3018) _(+140)_ • [SCP-1549](/scp-1549) _(+237)_ • [SCP-4006](/scp-4006) _(+745)_ • [SCP-8048](/scp-8048) _(+55)_ • [DarkStuff's Proposal](/dr-frueh-s-proposal) _(+52)_ • [SCP-4465](/scp-4465) _(+416)_ • [SCP-4468](/scp-4468) _(+138)_ • [SCP-4466](/scp-4466) _(+245)_ • [SCP-5686](/scp-5686) _(+126)_ •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [You Would Think Cataclysm Could Shake the Feeling That Change is Slow](/change-is-slow) _(+19)_ • [Old Connections](/old-connections) _(+25)_ • [A World Unto Yourself](/a-world-unto-yourself) _(+48)_ • [I've Been Through the Desert on a Horse with No Name](/horse-with-no-name) _(+34)_ • [The Call to Action (for a Modern Audience)](/the-call-to-action) _(+26)_ • [Sometimes I Wish This Moment Could Last Forever](/sometimes-i-wish-this-moment-could-last-forever) _(+70)_ • [Everything Worth Doing is So Fucking Hard](/everything-worth-doing-is-so-fucking-hard) _(+24)_ • [On the Radar](/on-the-radar) _(+136)_ • [The Consequences of a Deep, Dark Disassociation](/the-consequences-of-a-deep-dark-disassociation) _(+75)_ • [Blake Tillerson](/blake-tillerson) _(+55)_ • [Dire Wolf](/dire-wolf) _(+34)_ • [Critter Profile: ZARGOTH, DESTROYER OF DIMENSIONS!](/critter-profile-zargoth) _(+324)_ • [A Hole in the Tapestry](/a-hole-in-the-tapestry) _(+25)_ • [What If My Love Language is Hurting People?](/hurting-people) _(+32)_ • [You Can't Win Them All](/you-can-t-win-them-all) _(+61)_ •  
Other |  [Jasper Langdon Waters](/dr-k-stuff-s-personnel-file) _(+95)_ •