# SCP-6135
Item Number: SCP-6135
Rating: 141
Series: series-7
Tags: _licensebox, esoteric-class, media, musical, predictive, scp

---

**Designation:** Anomalous Item #6135
**Retrieved:** Cesar Falls, Ohio, 05/12/1990
**Current Status:** Contained in Storage Locker B4J9 at Site-31's C-Wing.
**Summary:** A copy of the album _Storm Front_ , released by American singer Billy Joel in 1989. Item features an extended version of the song _We Didn't Start the Fire_ , which contains an additional six verses, lasting ten minutes and forty-five seconds in total. No further copies of this version have been found.
The original song's lyrics reference various cultural and political developments between the 1940s and the time of recording, in loosely chronological order. The additional verses are structurally similar, with the lyrics instead consisting of seemingly random names, terms, and phrases, and alluding to a number of events which did not occur in reality. While several known politicians and public figures are mentioned by name, most of those listed do not correspond to any known persons.
When interviewed by Foundation staff, Joel and his producers denied having recorded an extended version of _We Didn't Start the Fire_ , and the album was tentatively designated Anomalous Item #6135. However, its exact nature remains disputed, and the item's anomalous status has been placed for review in 1991.
Excerpt:
> _Desert storm, Rodney King, Yeltsin, Rabin back again,_  
>  _Bill Clinton, Ross Perot, massacre at Waco,_  
>  _Zemin, Cobain suicide, Nelson, Tutsi genocide,_  
>  _[Forrest Gump](/scp-5346), Arafat, Tonya Harding, internet,_  
>    
>  _Mike Tyson, Tim McVay, OJ Simpson DNA,_  
>  _Unabomber, million man, Tupac Shakur, (taliban?),_  
>  _Netanyahu, (pokey-mon?), Harry Potter, Hong Kong,_  
>  _Princess Di waves goodbye, Monica and Columbine_
**Addendum:** As of March 12, 1991, Item #6135 is pending SCP reclassification at the request of Site Director Elliott Hawthorne. Arkansas Governor William Clinton and Soviet statesman Boris Yeltsin are currently being monitored in order to determine the extent and accuracy of #6135's apparent predictive properties. Investigation into the identities of Tim McVay and Harry Potter is ongoing.
* * *
[More from this author...](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-leonerd-s-author-page)
* * *