# SCP-5315
Item Number: SCP-5315
Rating: 42
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, ambrose-restaurant, building, contagion, corporate, food, k-class-scenario, keter, meta, scp, transfiguration, uncontained

---

> Will you chew until it bleeds?  
>  Can you get up off your knees?  
>  Are you brave enough to see?  
>  Do you wanna change it?
( The Hand that Feeds - Nine Inch Nails )
SCP-5315 - Gastronomical Annex
* * *
[▸ More by this Author ◂](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage)
* * *
{$comments2}
[F.A.Q.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers)
{$doesthisfixthebug}
  

`Appetizers`
**Amuse-Bouche Contagieux**  
A beguiling bite-sized morsel that sparks an insatiable desire for fine dining. A delectable blend of cured Iberian ham and truffle-infused foie gras.  
**Price:** $12.99  
**Calories:** 120  
  
**WARNING:** Foods from SCP-5315 should _not_ be consumed under any circumstances. Anomalous effects have so far resulted in the death of several civilians and Foundation personnel.  
  
**Truffle Infusion Crostini**  
Baguette slices adorned with a mysterious blend of black truffle, goat cheese, and honey.  
**Price:** $16.99  
**Calories:** 180
* * *
`Soups and Salads`
**Bisque de Quarantine**  
Decadent seafood bisque with the ability to instill refined tastes in the populace. Includes lobster, saffron, and a hint of cognac.  
**Price:** $21.99  
**Calories:** 250  
  
**Ensalada de Élite**  
Fresh arugula and watercress topped with golden beet carpaccio, and goat cheese crumbles, guaranteed to reshape the local dining landscape.  
**Price:** $18.99  
**Calories:** 200  
**WARNING:** Neighboring businesses experience a decline as residents gravitate towards SCP-5315. Efforts to balance the local economy are in progress.
* * *
`Main Courses`
**Filet de Rareté**  
Prime meat cut to perfection, enticing locals to forsake traditional fare.  
**Price:** $38.99  
**Calories:** 350  
**WARNING:** SCP-5315 has grown to the size of a full street, transforming it into a plaza. Efforts to decommission SCP-5315 are underway.
**Saffron Épidémie Risotto**  
Prime Wagyu beef filet, sous-vide and finished with a red wine reduction, redefining the culinary expectations.  
**Price:** $32.99  
**Calories:** 300
* * *
`Desserts`  
**Crème de la Contagion**  
Silky chocolate mousse infused with Grand Marnier and topped with edible gold leaf.  
**Price:** $24.99  
**Calories:** 980
**Pavlova Pandémique**  
Light and airy pavlova filled with passion fruit curd, topped with fresh berries and a raspberry coulis.  
**Price:** $19.99  
**Calories:** 1020  
**WARNING:** SCP-5315 has consumed Site-195. Related documentation has since been overwritten.
* * *
`Beverages`
**Libation de Luxe**  
A signature cocktail featuring artisanal gin, elderflower liqueur, and a hint of lavender, garnished with an edible orchid.  
**Price:** $14.99  
**Calories:** 150
**Vin Viral**  
An exclusive Bordeaux blend with notes of black currant, truffle, and a subtle hint of [REDACTED].  
**Price:** $29.99  
**Calories:** 250  
**WARNING:** SCP-5315 has consumed half the city of Detroit and is currently enacting a FK-Class "Broken Foundation" Scenario. All non-mandatory actions are to immediately cease and focus on the neutralization of SCP-5315.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

> Welcome to the new Foundation, Chef.  
>    
>  SERVE, COOK, PREPARE.
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
TroutMaskReplica's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-6289](/scp-6289) _(+139)_ • [SCP-8221](/scp-8221) _(+136)_ • [SCP-7084](/scp-7084) _(+182)_ • [SCP-8380](/scp-8380) _(+97)_ • [SCP-7973](/scp-7973) _(+76)_ • [SCP-7640](/scp-7640) _(+49)_ • [SCP-6718](/scp-6718) _(+58)_ • [SCP-8420](/scp-8420) _(+91)_ • [SCP-6862](/scp-6862) _(+85)_ • [SCP-7155](/scp-7155) _(+63)_ • [SCP-7345](/scp-7345) _(+141)_ • [SCP-7230](/scp-7230) _(+30)_ • [SCP-1305](/scp-1305) _(+97)_ • [SCP-8790](/scp-8790) _(+145)_ • [SCP-7799](/scp-7799) _(+34)_ •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [VILE](/vile) _(+39)_ • [One Hundred And Fifty Thousand](/one-hundred-and-fifty-thousand) _(+67)_ • [scatterbrained.](/scatterbrained) _(+59)_ • [Am I In Heaven?](/am-i-in-heaven) _(+28)_ • [The Son You Love](/the-son-you-love) _(+54)_ • [Moonlight, My Dear](/moonlight) _(+13)_ • [Open Water](/open-water) _(+46)_ • [Freefall](/freefall) _(+32)_ • [in her arms,](/in-her-arms) _(+38)_ • [Scarlet King Flow](/scarlet-king-flow) _(+88)_ • [Heading Off to Bed](/backtobed) _(+42)_ • [Daisies, Death, and Dysphoria](/daisydeathdysphoria) _(+85)_ • [It Will All Be Okay](/it-will-all-be-okay) _(+39)_ • [Deny, Delay, Depose](/deny-defend-depose) _(+97)_ • [claustrophilia](/claustrophilia) _(+13)_ •  
Other |  [Christmas Industries (Art Exchange)](/art:buy-our-products) _(+17)_ • [A timely death.](/art:reach-for-the-stars) _(+18)_ • [Soy Un Perdedor](/art:soy-un-perdedor) _(+22)_ • [Trout's EPIC Authorpage](/trouts-authorpage) _(+192)_ • [Jawn Proposal (Fanart!)](/art:they-got-away) _(+23)_ • [ArtExchange 2024 For UberGoober](/art:a-basilisk) _(+26)_ • [Bohart's Life and Death](/art:life-and-death) _(+36)_ •