# SCP-6000
Item Number: SCP-6000
Rating: 1300
Series: series-7
Tags: 6000, _cc, _licensebox, _listpages, amorphous, apocalyptic, apollyon, building, director-moose, extradimensional, global-occult-coalition, historical, illustrated, indestructible, k-class-scenario, knowledge, library, location, portal, scp, serpents-hand, spatial, the-serpent, uncontained, wanderers-library

---

A [ROUNDERHOUSE](https://twitter.com/rounderhouse) Joint
  

## BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL
The following file is Level 5/6000 classified. Unauthorized access is forbidden.
**» SUBMIT FOR RETINAL ID CONFIRMATION «**
  
  
  

Welcome back, Director Moose.
  
  
  

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS, ARCHIVAL, AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
The following two file revisions were found in the SCP-6000 slot when it was automatically pregenerated as an empty placeholder by SCiPnet on June 25th, 2022. No file history was available.
Due to the content therein and the questionable circumstances of its discovery, the O5 Council has elected to leave this file unaltered. **None of the events that follow have occurred in baseline reality. The coordinates listed as the location of SCP-6000 contain nothing of note.**
_— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA_
  

[▶/scp-6000/revision-0235/jan-07-2030](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6000/offset/1)  
[▶/scp-6000/revision-0894/feb-28-2030](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6000/offset/2)
* * *
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Rounderhouse's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-5929](/scp-5929) • [SCP-5376](/scp-5376) • [SCP-8003](/scp-8003) • [SCP-6819](/scp-6819) • [SCP-5762](/scp-5762) • [SCP-4161](/scp-4161) • [SCP-5549](/scp-5549) • [SCP-2304](/scp-2304) • [SCP-4249](/scp-4249) • [ROUNDERHOUSE's Jade Proposal](/rounderhouse-jade-proposal) • [SCP-4049](/scp-4049) • [SCP-5375](/scp-5375) • [SCP-5218](/scp-5218) • [SCP-638](/scp-638) • [SCP-6196](/scp-6196) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [Site-7: WARPAINT](/warpaint) • [1\. Voodoo Ranger](/voodoo-ranger) • [MTF Sigma-5 "Pumpkin Punchers"](/mtf-sigma-5-pumpkin-punchers) • [Nobody's Observations on Rejected Nobody Applications](/memebodies) • [Site-7: AUTOPSY](/autopsy) • [HEDVIG'S HERESY](/heresy) • [Files intercepted from Anderson Systems personnel](/intercepts) • [ROUNDERHOUSE's Boner Proposal](/bone-proposal) • [Foundation Unmasked: Lesser Known Foundation Divisions](/foundation-unmasked) • [And the answer you have to give, no matter how dark and cold the world around you is: Maybe I’m a king.](/maybe-i-m-a-king) • [PRI(DEMON)TH](/pridemonth) • [Carroll #188: Gemini](/carroll-188-gemini) • [BREAKNECK](/breakneck) • [Words of Wisdom from the Containment Chamber of SCP-046-ARC, better known as Richard "Big Dick" Chappell](/big-dick-chappell) • [STARSITE: VAGABOND ACTUAL](/vagabond-actual) •  
Other |  [ROUNDERPAGE V2](/rounderhouse-s-author-page) •  
* * *
* * *