# SCP-6427
Item Number: SCP-6427
Rating: 252
Series: series-7
Tags: _graveyard-shift, _licensebox, antimemetic, hostile, infohazard, keter, meta, nightmarefest, scp, teleportation

---

* * *
**Item #:** SCP-6427[1](javascript:;)
**Object Class:** Keter[2](javascript:;)
**Special Containment Procedures:** Undefined.[3](javascript:;)
**Description:** SCP-6427 is the temporary designation given to an entity currently inside Site-324. The full extent of its abilities is currently unknown, but it is believed that SCP-6427 is capable of teleportation, abnormal feats of strength, and enhanced agility.[4](javascript:;)
SCP-6427 appears to be a pale grey creature approximately 3 meters tall.[5](javascript:;)
SCP-6427 possesses irregular body proportions, with some appendages extending over 2 meters further than others.[6](javascript:;)
SCP-6427 possesses mild antimemetic properties, which it theoretically uses in order to avoid description.[7](javascript:;)
SCP-6427 was discovered after sightings of a hostile force inside Site-324 were confirmed on 12/10/2021. The entity proceeded to engage several members of Site Security, ultimately overpowering them and turning towards nearby personnel.[8](javascript:;)
The entity materialized inside Junior Researcher Michaels' living quarters at approximately 3:56 AM[9](javascript:;) and was subsequently restrained accidentally by a file describing it[10](javascript:;), which Michaels had made in an attempt to communicate with any available member of site staff.[11](javascript:;)
SCP-6427 is thought to possess an aversion to written descriptions of it, which render it inert.[12](javascript:;)
When SCP-6427 is actively described in a document, it assumes a fetal position, although a pause longer than a second restores its ability to move.[13](javascript:;)
Although SCP-6427 could remain contained indefinitely[14](javascript:;) by describing it, this method of containment is unfeasible, in part due to th
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

**[LAST ACTIVE: 560 MINUTES AGO.]**
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

**[PAGE LOCK EXPIRED.]**
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). pending approval.
[2](javascript:;). pending approval.
[3](javascript:;). Note: Forward this to HCML rep.
[4](javascript:;). discerning additional abilities has presented several challenges, due to the ongoing situation.
[5](javascript:;). Taking exact measurements is currently unfeasible.
[6](javascript:;). I'll be cleaning up the description when the entity isn't breathing down my neck. I hope.
[7](javascript:;). As if anyone could describe a single creature for long, especially at this hour. Also: Double-check the meaning of antimemetic later.
[8](javascript:;). This is probably off tone, hopefully, I'll be able to fix it later.
[9](javascript:;). Bastard. **REMOVE THIS LATER**
[10](javascript:;). A miracle, if you take into account the battery left on my laptop.
[11](javascript:;). I will never thank orientation enough after this. We all laughed at "If you see an entity lunging at you, use your last breath to document it", but I guess it's not always about being part of an undercover meat grinder with these people.
[12](javascript:;). Verbal descriptions and video logs seem to have no effect since the entity did not stop until I wrote its designation.
[13](javascript:;). Note: I was willing to risk it for science. It's practically on top of me now.
[14](javascript:;). Provided I find my power cord.