# SCP-5528
Item Number: SCP-5528
Rating: 22
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, auditory, building, cadaver, cognitohazard, esoteric-class, extradimensional, global-occult-coalition, humanoid, immobile, intangible, reality-bending, scp, visual

---

  
  
**Item #:** SCP-5528 
**Object Class:** Keter
**Special Containment Procedures:** A perimeter has been established around SCP-5528 and is to be manned by a rotating staff of 10 Foundation guards. Under no circumstances should Foundation personnel with clearance level 3 or lower enter SCP-5528. However, despite clearance level, MTF Lambda-5 (“White Rabbits”) has been given express permission to enter SCP-5528 when they deem it necessary, given that each agent has proved to be sound of body and mind. If any of the following occurrences are seen, heard or felt by either the current staff or Lambda-5, it should be reported to the active site director of Site-78 immediately:
  * A feminine voice coming from within SCP-5528
  * A figure standing in the second floor window
  * Shadows with too many limbs
  * Human and inhuman screaming, coming from within SCP-5528
  * Bodies of members of the GOC, hanging from their necks on trees surrounding SCP-5528
  * Cognitohazards manifesting on SCP-5528 and local fauna[1](javascript:;)
  * A figure beckoning you into the woods, away from SCP-5528. She says you’re not supposed to be here. Pay it no mind.
  * Good little soldiers follow orders

**Description:** SCP-5528 is the structure currently occupying 17 Beckett Drive in Eagle Point, Oregon. The structure was previously utilized by the Global Occult Coalition’s physics division as a safe house and makeshift laboratory, before it was raided by a Foundation strike team in 1972. The raid was successful, resulting in 5 casualties, all GOC. Based on evidence gathered from the raid, it can be concluded that the GOC’s physics division was researching and experimenting with very basic forms of Scranton Reality. SCP-5528 was discovered by the Foundation in 1970, when hotspots of increasingly low and high Hume levels were noted appearing in and around Eagle Point. After the raid, the building was quarantined by the Foundation under the guise of an infestation of mold. A chain link fence was set around the perimeter of the building.
On April 7th, 2017, SCP-5528 was broken into by 4 individuals. The individuals in question owned and ran a YouTube channel called “Grave Misfortune”, in which the group would visit supposedly haunted locations across Oregon and record themselves exploring said location while providing their audience with a brief history of why it’s considered to be haunted. The log below is a transcription of the group’s exploration of SCP-5528, found on a video recorder abandoned on the ground outside of the anomaly.
[\+ Transcript-5528 (4/7/17)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**DATE:** 4 / 7 / 2017
**Persons of Interest:** Thomas Brooks, Rana Adel, Ryan Connors, Amelia Mason
[BEGIN LOG]
_Video starts with the camera aimed towards the dirt. Voices can be heard out of frame._
**R.Connors:** …you sure about this? This shit looks pretty serious.
**T.Brooks:** Relax, dude. It’s a fence. There’s not even any wire at the top! If someone didn’t want us in here, they would’ve tried a little harder to keep people out.
**R.Connors:** Yeah, but didn’t you say this was some government shit? Like, how much trouble could we get in if we’re caught?
**T.Brooks:** Nobody’s been here in, like, 40 years. Trust me, we’re good.
**R.Adel:** Speaking of, why’d they even shut this place down anyway? Looks like a normal enough house to me.
**T.Brooks:** I don’t know, something about mold.
**R.Connors:** I-It was quarantined, right? Is it safe? Like, are we gonna get sick, or something?
**T.Brooks:** No, we should be fine. All the mold’s probably dead by now.
**R.Adel:** Is that how mold works?
**T.Brooks:** It is now.
**R.Adel:** Good enough for me. So, what’re we looking at here? You were pretty cryptic on the drive over.
**T.Brooks:** Rumor has it some cultists used to use this house for rituals. The government busted ‘em in the 70’s and quarantined the place. It’s pretty standard stuff. People heard screaming coming from inside, so now people think it’s haunted.
**R.Adel:** Spooky.
**R.Connors:** After this, can we do, like, a haunted water park or something? I’m sick of all this religious shit.
**T.Brooks:** Sure, Con. Next we can visit the local haunted Six Flags. Now go get the spirit box[2](javascript:;) from the truck.
**R.Connors:** Yeah, yeah…
**T.Brooks:** Rana, you got the fog machine?
**R.Adel:** Yup.
**T.Brooks:** And your costume?
**R.Adel:** Yup.
**T.Brooks:** Good. Amy, you got the GoPros?
_The camera lifts up, putting Brooks and Adel into view._
**A.Mason:** Huh?
**T.Brooks:** The GoPros, do you- are you recording?
**A.Mason:** Uhhh…
**T.Brooks:** Dammit, Amy, what did I tell you about doing that?
**A.Mason:** Relax, Tom. We can just cut this out.
**T.Brooks:** Look, I just don’t like it. Wait ‘til we get inside to start recording.
**A.Mason:** Sure, whatever.
**T.Brooks:** Thank you. So, do you have the other cameras?
_Video cuts._
* * *
_Video returns. The camera is pointed towards Brooks, now standing inside of SCP-5528._
**T.Brooks:** -it really mold that shut down the infamous Beckett House? Or could something far more… sinister… be at hand? Make sure to watch the whole video to find out! …Cut.
_Brooks swipes a hand across his neck. The camera points at the floor._
**T.Brooks:** Alright, let’s get started. Rana, go get your costume and makeup on and wait by the master bedroom upstairs. Ryan, you got the second floor. Put some cameras in each room.
_Two pairs of footsteps can be heard walking away._
**T.Brooks:** Amy, you got the first floor. You can just hang out ‘til we need you. Lemme see the camera.
_The camera is moved, view still aimed on the floor._
**A.Mason:** What do you need it for?
**T.Brooks:** I’m gonna walk around, get some B-roll. You can come, or just hang out here.
**A.Mason:** I’ll just chill here.
**T.Brooks:** Alright, just don’t go down to the basement ‘til we’re all ready, yeah? That’s where the sighting is gonna be, so we’ll need you on cam.
**A.Mason:** Got it.
_The camera cuts. The video returns with Brooks propping it up in what appears to be a bedroom. The door is open behind him. Brooks pulls out his phone. Footsteps can be heard approaching the room, as a figure appears in the door frame. Brooks turns._
**T.Brooks:** …Rana? What’re you doing?
_The figure stays silent, staring at Brooks._
**T.Brooks:** Could you find the master bedroom?
_The figure remains silent, staring at Brooks._
**T.Brooks:** I’m pretty sure you just passed it.
_The figure remains silent, staring at Brooks._
**T.Brooks:** …Go set up the fog machine, alright? We’ll meet you there in a bit.
_The figure walks past the door, leaving the view of the camera. It stares at Brooks as it walks past. Brooks looks into the camera for one minute. He puts his phone back into his pocket, sighs, and the camera cuts._
* * *
_Video returns in static in the same position it was last shut off. Brooks can be seen sitting on a bed. Adel walks into the room._
**R.Adel:** Hey, uh, Tom?
**T.Brooks:** Rana? What’re you doing here, I thought I told you to wait in the master bedroom for me.
**R.Adel:** Yeah, uh-
**T.Brooks:** And why’d you take the costume off, we’re gonna need it for the basement scene.
**R.Adel:** That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Could you just, uh…
_Brooks gets up from the bed and walks towards Adel._
**T.Brooks:** Hey, are you alright? Is something wrong?
**R.Adel:** Just come with me for a second.
**T.Brooks:** Oh, alright then.
_The two start walking out of the room. Adel turns around and pokes her head back into the room._
**R.Adel:** And bring the camera.
**T.Brooks:** What, why?
**R.Adel:** Just come on. You’ll see.
_Brooks takes the camera and follows Adel out of the room. They walk down a hallway, with the camera aimed at the floor._
**R.Adel:** Alright, be quiet.
**T.Brooks:** What are you-
**R.Adel:** Shhhhh!
**T.Brooks:** Alright, alright!
**R.Adel:** Get the camera in there, and just listen.
**T.Brooks:** The bathroom? Why-
**R.Adel:** Just do it!
**T.Brooks:** Fine.
_The camera view changes to the inside of a bathroom. A figure stands in front of the mirror, whispering._
**R.Connors:** Once upon a time, a discovery was made. It was by a little girl, yes, but the world in the hands of a child is but a lump of clay, ready to be molded and morphed in every which way. This child saw into the void, peered into its bottomless infinity. And it looked back. With eyes of emerald, it molded and morphed the girl like the world in the hands of a child. When she came back, she was different. Her whispers carried weight and her mind unfurled and blossomed, far past any before her and able to see past whatever common convictions she once held so close. The time is now. The time is now. The time is now. The time is-
_Brooks places the camera on the ground. He can be seen walking into the room._
**T.Brooks:** Con? What the hell are you doing?
**R.Connors:** Tom, what’re you doing here? I thought we were meeting in the basement.
_Adel lifts the camera off of the floor. She remains outside the room._
**T.Brooks:** We were… why are you in costume? I thought we agreed it was gonna be Rana.
**R.Connors:** …we did?
**T.Brooks:** Yeah. Are you feeling alright? You were saying some crazy shit. Was that a backstory, or something? Some lore we could throw in the video?
**R.Connors:** I… sure, I guess. Hey, I’m gonna go outside and get some air. I’m feeling a bit light-headed.
**T.Brooks:** Yeah. Just leave the costume by the stairs.
_Connors walks out of the room and stops in front of Adel, who aims the camera at him. He stares into the lens for approximately thirty-five seconds before continuing down the hallway and out of sight. Brooks exits the bathroom shortly after._
**R.Adel:** See what I mean?
**T.Brooks:** I guess so. I mean, we all know Connors’ not… the most adventurous guy. He’s probably just a little spooked. I think after this we could all use a little vacation.
**R.Adel:** Whatever you say. Let’s just get this over with and get out of here.
_Brooks laughs._
**T.Brooks:** Rana… are you scared?
**R.Adel:** What? No. Fuck off.
_Video cuts._
* * *
_Video returns, the camera aimed at Brooks and Adel. They are on the first floor._
**T.Brooks:** Alright. The GoPros and mics are set up, so I think we’re ready to head downstairs. Amy, the cameras working? No problems?
**A.Mason:** Yup, looks all good.
**T.Brooks:** Perfect. Rana, you go down and get ready. You know the signal?
**R.Adel:** Yeah. Where’d you want me again?
**T.Brooks:** Just behind a corner or something. Somewhere you can pop out.
**R.Adel:** Got it.
_The camera turns and follows Adel as she opens the basement door and walks down, closing it behind her._
**T.Brooks:** Amy, you seen Con anywhere?
**A.Mason:** Uh, yeah. I think he’s still outside. Just on the deck.
**T.Brooks:** Alright. I’ll be right back.
_Brooks walks out of frame. For the one minute and thirty-four seconds he is gone, the camera does not move. When he reenters with Connors, the camera moves to face them._
**T.Brooks:** -need bug spray or something?
**R.Connors:** No. I’m fine.
**T.Brooks:** Hmmm… fine. Well, we need to get down and start filming. Rana’s waiting for us.
_The camera follows as Brooks walks towards the basement door. The camera starts moving towards the door when Brooks looks back at Connors._
**T.Brooks:** Con, what’s the hold- fuck!
_The camera turns to Connors. He is taking his shirt off, scratching at small, red marks on his arms._
**R.Connors:** T-They won’t stop, why aren’t they stopping!
**T.Brooks:** Christ… Amy, do we have any cream or something? Do we even have any bug spray?!
_The camera is pointed at the floor._
**A.Mason:** I don’t know, I don’t think so!
**T.Brooks:** Shit… Con, can you last for the rest of the shoot or do we have to leave?
_The camera raises. Connors is scratching his whole body, new red marks appearing across his chest._
**R.Connors:** …leave, leave, leave, LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE-
_Connors regurgitates, throwing up on his chest and the floor._
**T.Brooks:** FUCKING HELL! Alright, Amy go get Rana, we’re leaving.
_Connors eyes roll back into his head, as he collapses._
**T.Brooks:** NOW!
_The camera moves to the basement door. A hand comes into frame and grabs the door handle, twisting it._
**A.Mason:** Shit… it’s locked!
**T.Brooks:** What do you mean it’s locked?!
**A.Mason:** I mean it’s locked, it won’t open!
**T.Brooks:** Fuck… watch out!
_The camera moves backward. Brooks comes into frame, ramming his shoulder into the door._
**T.Brooks:** Come on, open!
_Brooks rams the door for twenty-three seconds. He stops when a wet, choking sound can be heard out of frame. Brooks looks towards Connors’ body as the camera turns._
**T.Brooks:** …Ryan?
_Connors’s body begins to writhe and twist on the floor, his arms and legs bending and twisting with joints that should not exist. He scrambles and climbs to his feet. Blood begins seeping out of pores in his arms, now purple and yellow with bruises and pus. Drip drop. Drip drop. Connors charges towards the door._
**T.Brooks:** FUCK!
_Brooks avoids Connors as he crashes into the door, breaking it off of its hinges and sending it along with him into the basement._
**A.Mason:** Shit… Tom, what the fuck?! WHAT THE FUCK?!
**T.Brooks:** I don’t know… he was fine a few minutes ago, I don’t know what happened…
_Both Brooks and Mason approach the empty door frame. From the basement a muffled gagging can be heard, followed by a flowing liquid and what sounds like pieces of meat hitting the floor. Everything falls silent._
**T.Brooks:** …Rana? Con?
_The camera slowly approaches the door frame. A hand climbs out of the darkness, landing on a stair. The footage goes white for twelve seconds. When it returns, the camera is aimed at the ground, outside of SCP-5528. It is unclear who is holding it. They stop moving and look towards the tree line to the east of the house. The camera stops and focuses on a feminine figure standing in the woods. The figure slowly walks backwards out of sight, and the camera falls to the ground. The video stops._
  

* * *
  
**UPDATE**
**Object Class:** Keter
**Special Containment Procedures:** See above.
**Description:** SCP-5528 is an anomalous space under the structure currently occupying 17 Beckett Drive in Eagle Point, Oregon. The anomaly takes affect when anyone enters the subspace. When a person enters the anomaly, they will perceive the space as if it was 1972, directly after the Foundation raid on the house took place. The scene appears to be identical no matter who views it. Each person describes it as a laboratory, though not a very advanced one, even for its time. Scattered around the room are the bodies of three males and two females, all dead. The cause of death for each is internal bleeding. Each person is wearing a GOC lab coat, the symbol and font matching those used during the time period.
Scattered around the room is also various chemicals and medical tools. However, it seems that nothing that was originally in the room can be physically interacted with, making gathering samples impossible. Due to the history of the location, Lambda-5 was chosen for an exploration of SCP-5528.
[\+ Exploration_Log-5528](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Exploration Video Log Transcript**
**Exploration Team:** Lambda-5 (“White Rabbits”)
**Subject:** SCP-5528
**Team Lead:** Lambda5-1 (Alpha)
**Team Members:** Alpha / Beta / Gamma / Delta / Omega
* * *
[BEGIN LOG]
**Alpha:** Alright everyone, sound off. Sync.
**Beta:** Sync.
**Gamma:** Sync.
**Delta:** Sync.
**Omega:** And sync.
**Alpha:** You got that, Command? We ready to go?
**Command:** Heard you loud and clear, Alpha. We’re ready when you are.
**Alpha:** Alright then. Approaching the anomaly.
_Lambda-5 moves towards SCP-5528._
**Omega:** Here’s where they found the recorder, yeah?
**Beta:** Yup.
**Alpha:** We’ve all reviewed the footage, right?
**Delta:** Yeah, I made sure everyone did.
_Alpha turns towards the tree line._
**Alpha:** Stay on guard.
_Lambda-5 enters the house._
**Beta:** Fucking hell…
_The walls and floor are caked in dried blood. A trail leads into the basement._
**Alpha:** We’re approaching the subspace now. Can’t tell if -1[3](javascript:;) is still here or not.
**Command:** Take your team down. Alert us if you find any signs of -1.
**Alpha:** Roger that.
**Gamma:** So, what’s the plan?
**Alpha:** We’ll go down two at a time. Beta, you’re with me. Delta with Omega, and Gamma will take up the rear.
**Omega:** Got it.
**Delta:** Sounds good.
**Alpha:** Come on, B.
_Alpha and Beta descend the staircase. The wooden stairs change to concrete about half way down._
**Alpha:** Hmm. Delta, can I get a reading?
**Delta:** Yeah, one sec.
_Delta takes out an HLR[4](javascript:;)._
**Delta:** It’s high, really high… no wait, it’s… uh…
**Beta:** Having some trouble?
**Delta:** No, it just… it keeps fluctuating. High one second, low the next. I can’t get a solid reading.
**Alpha:** Alright. Just keep an eye on it and tell me if anything changes.
**Delta:** Will do.
_Alpha and Beta reach the bottom of the staircase and a metal door._
**Alpha:** Get ready.
_Alpha raises the butt of his rifle and brings it down on the door handle, breaking it off. He kicks the door open and Lambda-5 enters._
**Gamma:** What the…
**Alpha:** Command, you seeing this?
**Command:** Can you be more specific?
**Alpha:** How can I be more specific? It’s a goddamn massacre! Omega, go see if there are any survivors!
**Omega:** Right.
_Omega couches down in a corner of the room. He puts two fingers towards the ground, nothing is there._
**Command:** Talk to me, Alpha. What are you seeing?
**Alpha:** I don’t… it looks like a lab. Five are dead-
**Gamma:** Five GOC are dead. Look at this.
**Alpha:** Shit. Yeah, five GOC doctors it looks like are dead. Omega?
**Omega:** No survivors.
**Alpha:** Damn. Gamma, any of this shit look familiar to you?
**Gamma:** This GOC insignia is different. Not the same one as today. This one hasn’t been used since the 80’s.
**Command:** Alpha, be aware, we are not seeing what you are seeing.
**Alpha:** So what, it’s like a hallucination? Or a temporal anomaly? Delta, you got a reading yet?
**Delta:** Nope. Damn things still on the fritz.
**Alpha:** Alright. Fan out, everyone. Let me know if you find anything.
**Gamma:** Got it.
_Alpha moves around the room. He stops near a wooden table in the north-east corner. It is unclear what he sees._
**Command:** Alpha, please describe what you are seeing.
**Alpha:** Right, right. There’s a manila folder, but nothing’s in it… wait. [Ichabod](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-4231)… what the hell is an Ichabod? Command, that mean anything to you?
_Command is silent._
**Alpha:** Command? You there?
**Command:** Yes. Sorry about that.
**Alpha:** It’s fine. Do you know what Ichabod means?
**Command:** …no. We’ll do some research. Please continue with your investigation.
**Alpha:** Alright. Omega, you got a CoD on those bodies?
**Omega:** Looks like internal bleeding, but it’s hard to tell. I’m… having trouble running a diagnostic.
**Alpha:** Why’s that?
**Omega:** Same reason as him.
_Omega points to Beta, who appears to be repeatedly grabbing air._
**Alpha:** Beta, what’re you doing?
**Beta:** The fuck does it look like I’m doing? I’m trying to… pick… this… up!
**Gamma:** I don’t think you can, son. Nothing here feels very real.
**Alpha:** I picked up that folder just fine.
**Gamma:** Folder? What folder-
**Delta:** Hey Alpha, get a look at this.
_Delta is holding up a piece of paper. It is clean, excluding the blood that has drip dropped on the corner._
**Alpha:** What is it?
**Delta:** Looks like a note.
_Delta clears her throat._
**Delta:** Once upon a time, there was an experiment. An experiment of heights and depths, of peaks and valleys. An experiment to test how sturdy the fabric really was. How much it could be pushed and pulled before giving. Mistakes were made and things were changed. But you can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. Limits were tested and found. The fabric was stretched and pulled and cut and stitched back together. It took a while, but acceptance was reached and equilibrium was achieved.
I’m sorry.
I never meant to hurt them.
They wouldn’t leave.
**Beta:** Christ…
**Delta:** Yeah. What do you think, Alpha?
_Alpha stares at the floor for eleven seconds before responding._
**Alpha:** I think we should leave. We have all we came here for.
**Gamma:** I agree. Don’t think there’s anything more for us here.
**Omega:** Alright then.
**Alpha:** Command. We’re coming up. We got all we could.
**Command:** Roger. We’ll have the tech guys review the footage, see if they can pick up on anything.
_Alpha walks back up the stairs into the house, followed by the rest of Lambda-5. As they approach their van, Alpha turns to look back towards the house. A feminine figure is standing the door frame. It’s smiling. Alpha stares._
**Delta:** Alpha? You alright?
_Alpha stares for twenty-three seconds more before turning around and counting to walk towards the van._
**Alpha:** Yes. Let’s get back.
_Video cuts._
[END LOG]
  

* * *
  
**UPDATE:**
**Object Class:** Euclid
**Special Containment Procedures:** All members of MTF Lambda-5 have been quarantined in separate humanoid containment chambers. They are not to be released until the investigation is complete.
**Description:** SCP-5528 is either one, or all members of Lambda-5. When they returned from 17 Beckett Drive, their Hume levels were taken and shown to be rapidly fluctuating, matching that of the signature inside the house. No additional information could be gathered when reviewing the footage of the exploration. Researcher Cassidy Moon was assigned to head the investigation. Below are logs of his interviews with each member of Lambda-5.
[\+ Interview-1 (Beta)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Interviewed:** Lambda5-2 (Beta)
**Interviewer:** Cassidy Moon
**< Begin Log>**
**Moon:** Hey, Beta. Please take a seat.
**Beta:** This is fucking ridiculous.
**Moon:** Why do you think that?
**Beta:** Because I’m not a goddamn freak and I won’t stay in that cell for another hour.
**Moon:** Unfortunately, until the investigation is complete, you’re going to have to.
**Beta:** Then let’s get this over with. Ask me whatever you want.
**Moon:** Perfect. What happened in the subspace below 17 Beckett Drive?
**Beta:** Oh come on, you saw the video.
**Moon:** Indulge me.
**Beta:** Fine. We went down, hallucinated some dead GOC doctors, found a creepy note then left.
**Moon:** Yes, the note. Do you notice anything… strange about it?
**Beta:** Like what?
**Moon:** That’s classified.
**Beta:** Fuck off, Moon. I can’t answer your questions if I don’t know what I’m looking for.
**Moon:** Hmm. Fine. We’re currently reviewing the footage for any cognitohazards that could have been hidden in the note.
**Beta:** Well stop looking. There were none.
**Moon:** How can you be so sure?
**Beta:** I’ve been affected by cognitohazards before. I know what they feel like, how they squirm their way into your brain. There were none in that note.
**Moon:** I was afraid you’d say that.
**Beta:** Why?
**Moon:** Because if it’s not a cognitohazard, it’s something… else.
**Beta:** Like what?
**Moon:** I really can’t tell you.
**Beta:** Fine. Suit yourself.
_Beta stands up and walks towards the door._
**Moon:** Wait, I wasn’t fin-
**Beta:** Look. If you're suspicious of anyone, it should be Alpha. Guy’s had his head in the clouds ever since we got back.
_Beta exits the room. Moon looks into the camera in the corner._
**Moon:** Alright. Send in Gamma.
[\+ Interview-2 (Gamma)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Interviewed:** Lambda5-3 (Gamma)
**Interviewer:** Cassidy Moon
**< Begin Log>**
_Gamma enters the room and takes a seat._
**Gamma:** Alright. Let’s get this over with.
**Moon:** Uh, sure. Let’s.
**Gamma:** I’ll start off by saying that we all saw the same thing. So there’s no point in asking me what I think happened.
_Moon shuffles some papers in his hands._
**Moon:** Ooookay, we’ll start with the basics then. How long have you been with the Foundation?
**Gamma:** Before you were born.
**Moon:** Hm. So it’s fair to say that you’ve seen a lot?
**Gamma:** More than anyone else on my squad, that’s for sure.
**Moon:** Okay. Let’s talk about the note.
**Gamma:** Look, Moon. We both want the same thing, right?
**Moon:** And what would that be?
**Gamma:** To be done with all this and move on with our lives.
**Moon:** And how would you propose we do that?
**Gamma:** We talk about the only thing that matters. Ichabod.
**Moon:** I-I’m sorry, I don’t know what you’re-
**Gamma:** Don’t pull that crap with me. I was there. Ichabod, The Campaign, The Green Winter, whatever you want to call it. I was there.
**Moon:** Wha- how? Ichabod started in the 1970’s, how could-
_Gamma shrugs._
**Gamma:** I caught the tail end. How did you learn about it?
**Moon:** I guess there’s no point in secrecy.
_Moon sighs._
**Moon:** When you work in my field, it’s important to know the history.
**Gamma:** So. What’re we going to do about this?
**Moon:** I don’t know. We’re working on it.
_Gamma leans forward._
**Gamma:** Do you even know what it is?
**Moon:** We have some ideas.
_Gamma stands and starts walking towards the door._
**Gamma:** Well. Let me give you some advice. If you do find out, kill it. Cause if anything from The Campaign is still alive… God help us all.
_Gamma leaves._
**Moon:** You can’t just go! I haven’t even asked you any, aaaand he’s gone. Perfect.
[\+ Interview-3 (Delta)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Interviewed:** Lambda5-3 (Delta)
**Interviewer:** Cassidy Moon
**< Begin Log>**
_Delta walks in and takes a seat._
**Moon:** Delta. How are you holding up?
**Delta:** Oh, I’m fine. A little shaken up, but… fine.
**Moon:** Good.
**Delta:** Hey, have you spoken to Alpha yet? I’m worried about him.
**Moon:** No. Actually, he’s right after you. But what has you worried?
**Delta:** I don’t know, he’s just been a bit… off. Ever since we got back.
**Moon:** Hmm. Beta said the same thing.
**Delta:** We’ve been working with him for a while, you know. And by no means is this the worst thing we’ve encountered on the job.
**Moon:** So what seems to be the problem?
**Delta:** I don’t know, maybe I’m just paranoid. He’s been quieter than usual. He’s not the most talkative guy, sure, but he usually has something to say. But… he’s just been quiet. Oh, but the mumbling! He’s been mumbling a lot too.
**Moon:** Does he say anything specific?
**Delta:** It’s hard to tell, we were separated as soon as we got back.
**Moon:** I understand. I’ll be sure to bring it up with him.
**Delta:** Would you? I just want to make sure he’s okay.
**Moon:** I will. Now, can we talk about the Hume readings you got inside of the house?
_Delta shrugs._
**Delta:** There’s nothing much to say. I couldn’t get a solid reading. It was constantly changing.
**Moon:** Do you have any idea why the Hume level seemed to… follow you back?
**Delta:** Well, I was doing some research on this kinda stuff before we were locked up. I call it ‘Hume Residue’.
**Moon:** Could you explain?
**Delta:** It basically says that when an area has a very high or low Hume level, or has been touched by an entity with a very high or low Hume level, it could rub off on things around it.
**Moon:** Meaning?
**Delta:** Meaning the high or low state of reality in the house could have rubbed off on us.
**Moon:** So you’re saying it spreads? What, like a virus?
_Delta sighs and stand up._
**Delta:** I guess, for lack of a better term.
**Moon:** Hey, where are you-
**Delta:** Make sure Alpha’s alright, yeah? I’ll see you later, Moon.
_Delta leaves the room._
**Moon:** I swear, if one more person leaves before I’m done-
Once upon a time, she was discovered. Don't know how, but by the time she realized, it was too late. They wanted her for her whispers and she was just along for the ride. They said she was a good little girl and she would be a good little soldier too. They wanted her to kill. Kill her brothers and kill her sisters. And she almost did, was almost lost to the conscious unconscious. They saved her, the protectors. But she was already gone.
[\+ Interview-4 (Alpha)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Interviewed:** Lambda5-1 (Alpha)
**Interviewer:** Cassidy Moon
**< Begin Log>**
_Alpha enters._
**Moon:** Alpha. Please, take a seat.
_Alpha sits._
**Moon:** Your team is pretty worried about you.
**Alpha:** Yeah. I know.
**Moon:** Say you seem distracted.
**Alpha:** I guess I am a bit.
**Moon:** Well, try to relax. I’m just going to ask you a few questions.
**Alpha:** Alright.
**Moon:** Let’s see… what happened when you and your team encountered 5528?
_Alpha laughs._
**Alpha:** Where should I start?
**Moon:** The beginning, please.
**Alpha:** Alright. Well, I guess it started when we were walking towards the house. That’s when I saw her first. She was standing in the woods.
**Moon:** Hm. We didn’t see anyone on the footage of your exploration.
**Alpha:** She didn’t want you to see her.
**Moon:** Who is she?
**Alpha:** I… I don’t know. She’s just she.
**Moon:** What happened next?
**Alpha:** She waved at me, but I didn’t wave back.
_Alpha puts his head in his hands._
**Alpha:** Why didn’t I wave back…?
**Moon:** You didn’t tell your team you saw it either. Why?
**Alpha:** Her.
**Moon:** Sorry. Her.
**Alpha:** I just… I knew she wouldn’t hurt us.
**Moon:** From what she did to the first four trespassers, I don’t know how you got that impression.
**Alpha:** No! She didn’t… they wouldn’t… you wouldn’t get it.
**Moon:** Sure. So. You entered the house. What happened next?
**Alpha:** We made it to the basement.
**Moon:** Yes. With the doctors.
**Alpha:** Right. They were covered in bullet holes.
**Moon:** Alpha, they died from internal bleeding. There were no external wounds reported by Omega.
**Alpha:** What? No, she didn’t… that’s not her fault!
_Alpha reaches over the table and points at Moon._
**Moon:** I never said it was.
_Alpha relaxes._
**Alpha:** Right, right. I’m sorry.
**Moon:** It’s okay. The basement.
**Alpha:** Right. The basement. We started looking around and then… then…
**Moon:** Alpha? Are you alright?
**Alpha:** …What’s Ichabod?
**Moon:** …
**Alpha:** What is Ichabod?
**Moon:** I’m sorry. That’s classified.
**Alpha:** No, I need to know!
**Moon:** I can’t tell you.
_Alpha pulls on his hair._
**Alpha:** Why doesn’t anyone tell me anything?!
**Moon:** Hey. The note. What about the note?
_Alpha removes his hands from his head._
**Alpha:** The note…? Right. The note.
**Moon:** Do you know what it means?
**Alpha:** Not really… there was a discovery, an experiment, but… then they found her.
**Moon:** Who found her?
_Alpha leans over the table, his voice dropping to a whisper._
**Alpha:** The warmongers. They wanted her to kill others like her.
**Moon:** Like her… what do you mean? Other reality benders?
_Alpha puts his head back in his hands._
**Alpha:** I can’t talk about this. I can’t.
**Moon:** Alpha?
**Alpha:** I can’t I can’t I can’t I can’t…
_Moon sighs._
**Moon:** Alright. Why don’t you head back to your chamber. I think we’re done here.
_Alpha nods, slowly rises and exits the room._
[\+ Interview-5 (Omega)](javascript:;)
[\- Hide](javascript:;)
**Interviewed:** Lambda5-5 (Omega)
**Interviewer:** Cassidy Moon
**< Begin Log>**
**Moon:** Omega. You’re the medical expert on the team.
_Omega laughs._
**Omega:** I think that’s a bit of an exaggeration. But in terms of medical knowledge, sure. I’m the expert.
**Moon:** Perfect. I wanted to talk more about the bodies you saw in the basement.
**Omega:** Uh yeah, alright. Well, it’s just like I said in the report. There appeared to be no external injuries, the cause of death for each looked like internal-
_Beta runs into the room._
**Beta:** HE’S GONE!
**Moon:** Christ, Beta! I’m kind of in the middle of-
**Beta:** Shut the fuck up, Moon! He’s gone, Alpha’s gone!
**Moon:** How?!
**Beta:** I don’t fucking know! He’s not in his cell!
**Moon:** Well where did he go?!
_Beta stares at Moon._
**Moon:** Right, right. The house. Alright. Beta, gather your team and get to Eagle Point. Gamma will lead.
**Beta:** What? But I’m second in-
**Moon:** Just go, Beta!
**Beta:** Fine.
_Beta leaves, slamming the door behind him. Moon turns back around._
**Moon:** Wha- OMEGA GO!
**Omega:** O-oh, right!
_Omega leaves._
  

* * *
  
When Lambda-5 arrived at the house, it was already in flames. Alpha was on his knees in front of the smoldering pile of ash, a note in his hand. Delta took the note. He was unresponsive.
I’m sorry if I caused you any trouble. I really am. It was never my intention. In all honesty, I should have left ages ago. I think I was scared. Scared that I would be everything they wanted me to be. And nothing I was. But I think I’m ready now. I guess having everything on the table, having seen all my cards laid out in front of me helped me process in a way? I don’t know. I’ve been a lot of things in my life. I was a person, I was a discovery, I was an experiment, I was stability, I was nothing more and nothing less. I was a type green, I was a bullet, I was a gun, but I was never the hand. I was a good little girl and I was a good little soldier. I was mold, I was a ghost, I was a phantom, I was a virus. I was a ball and chain, chains, 7 chains, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. I was everything. I was nothing they wanted me to be. but i think i get it now
all i am is everything im not
The fire died down after about thirty minutes. Standing on the edge of the tree line behind the burned house was a figure. Everyone saw. She smiled and waved. And Alpha waved back.  

* * *
  
**UPDATE:**
**Object Class:** gone Pending
**Special Containment Procedures:** none Pending
**Description:** i hope she finds what she's looking for Pending
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Personnel may be amnesticized before a report is made.
[2](javascript:;). A handheld AM/FM radio that continuously jumps from one station to another.
[3](javascript:;). The entity that used to be Ryan Connors.
[4](javascript:;). Hume Level Reader