# SCP-7575
Item Number: SCP-7575
Rating: 126
Series: series-8
Tags: _licensebox, concept, extraterrestrial, infohazard, polyhedral, reality-bending, safe, scp, semiotics, temporal

---

We strongly encourage all staff to regularly ask themselves: “Does it make sense for me to have achieved what’s been attributed to me?”
If the answer is no, you may be eligible for semiotic compensation.
**Item #:** SCP-7575
**Object Class:** Safe
**Special Containment Procedures:** Testing of SCP-7575 is prohibited. Any individual authorized to view this document may not physically view SCP-7575. If possible, all actions performed by personnel with access to this file are to be logged in ERDC-7575. Please analyze peer or self-attributed accomplishments for individualistic/egoistic plausibility.
**Description:** SCP-7575 is a small[1](javascript:;) metallic[2](javascript:;) cube[3](javascript:;) previously filed as a minor anomalous object.[4](javascript:;) SCP-7575 constantly emits a low, droning sound.[5](javascript:;) Object was discovered after having landed in an isolated forest near Great Slave Lake, Canada[6](javascript:;), presumably from extraterrestrial orbit.[7](javascript:;)
SCP-7575 was discovered following a series of routine tests performed on anomalous objects. Subsequent events led to the conclusion of several indirectly observed/confirmed sentient entities being unaccounted-for personnel.[8](javascript:;)
The Foundation became aware of additional anomalous properties following the semi-accidental discovery of an Extra-Reality Data Cache (ERDC-7575) by Dr.  , now known as  , with assistance by  ,  [9](javascript:;), and  .
Stored inside the cache was a database of over 247,000 entries detailing mundane actions and activities carried out by a collective team of 12 supposed Foundation personnel, led by  ,  . The circumstances that led to the creation of the cache and the team are unknown[10](javascript:;), however, it was within the cache that additional information regarding SCP-7575 became known.[11](javascript:;)
SCP-7575 imposes a known/unknown set of criteria upon all sapient[12](javascript:;) concepts. Following the fulfillment of these criteria, an individual's existence and direct cumulative existential consequences will be erased from reality[13](javascript:;), and be replaced[14](javascript:;) by alternative causal routing. A small number of these criteria are known utilizing the final entries[15](javascript:;) of each of the personnel detailed in ERDC-7575. These include:
  * Viewing SCP-7575.
  * Possessing knowledge of SCP-7575's appearance.
  * Viewing SCP-7575's documentation.
  * Possessing knowledge of SCP-7575's origin.
  * Counting to 377.
  * Having been a passenger of an automobile.[16](javascript:;)
  * Playing a game of chess using an illegitimate codified ruleset.
  * Drinking a cup of room temperature coffee.
  * Visiting the unincorporated town of  ,  .
  * Shaking  's hand.
  * Committing murder.
  * Deleting a .pdf file authored by  .[17](javascript:;)

**Addendum:** Following the  of  , the aforementioned list of known qualifiers has been deemed inaccurate.[18](javascript:;)
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[2](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[3](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[4](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[5](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[6](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization. Previous/simultaneous locations of discovery include Omsk, Russia, Eugene, Oregon, and the nonexistent census-designated area of Portsmouth, Wales.
[7](javascript:;). SCP-7575 can occasionally be retrocausally discovered in retail stores and inheritances.
[8](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[9](javascript:;). Possibly deceased. Proposed prelococausal identities include  .
[10](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[11](javascript:;). SCP-7575 was discovered included in a cache of anomalous objects bequeathed to the Foundation by an unknown third party.
[12](javascript:;). Analysis of power usage suggests the absence of SCP- and SCP- .
[13](javascript:;). We do not know where they go.
[14](javascript:;). Do not verify without authorization.
[15](javascript:;). Largely speculative but associated with a partially comprehensible set of SCP-7575 criteria.
[16](javascript:;). Requires primary semantic conceptual perception of the vehicle as an automobile, not a car, truck, sedan, or any semantic-causally related concept.
[17](javascript:;). Exact nature unknown. Hypothesized to result in a tangential causative relation between unrelated concepts.
[18](javascript:;). Budgetary discrepancies indicate a fiscal absence of approximately 450 personnel.
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
PoufyPoufson's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-7541](/scp-7541) • [SCP-8031](/scp-8031) • [SCP-8981](/scp-8981) • [SCP-8105](/scp-8105) • [SCP-3169](/scp-3169) • [SCP-7419](/scp-7419) • [SCP-5125](/scp-5125) • [SCP-7811](/scp-7811) • [Poufy's Proposal](/poufys-proposal) • [SCP-8010](/scp-8010) • [SCP-8465](/scp-8465) • [SCP-7151](/scp-7151) • [SCP-7471](/scp-7471) • [SCP-6541](/scp-6541) • [SPHERE](/scp-7793) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [Yours Truly, The 1st Annual Unbirthday Ball](/yourstrulyfirstunbirthdayball) • [UIU File: 1993-273](/uiu-file-1993-273) •  
Other |  [Fear of Death](/art:fear-of-death) • [SCP-POUF](/poufypoufson) •