# SCP-6902
Item Number: SCP-6902
Rating: 180
Series: series-7
Tags: _licensebox, artifact, clothing, euclid, reviewers-spotlight, scp, teleportation

---

Item#: 6902
Level2
Containment Class:
euclid
Secondary Class:
none
Disruption Class:
dark
Risk Class:
notice
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6902 contains a tracking device. At all times, at least one Foundation agent is to wait at the baggage claim in Newark Liberty International Airport. Whenever SCP-6902 appears in this baggage claim, said agent is to take it to a secluded location until it dematerializes. In the event that an unknown party claims SCP-6902, the identity of said party is to be determined as soon as possible.
**Description:** SCP-6902 is a red rolling suitcase that lacks any form of branding or iconography. Approximately every six hours, SCP-6902 will dematerialize from its current location and rematerialize within a baggage claim carousel at Newark Liberty International Airport.
Upon discovery, SCP-6902 had a baggage tag identifying it as belonging to flight 1814 from PHX[1](javascript:;) to EWR[2](javascript:;), on January 12th 2004. Notably, this flight crashed due to a mechanical failure, killing all passengers on board. This baggage tag has since been removed.
As SCP-6902 dematerializes, all items within it will become an SCP-6902-1 instance. Whenever SCP-6902 materializes, all SCP-6902-1 instances will materialize within it as well.
The following list comprises all SCP-6902-1 instances:
  * Five long sleeved dress shirts;
  * A pair of dress shoes;
  * Three neckties;
  * Seven pairs of underwear;
  * Four pairs of dress socks;
  * A pair of sunglasses;
  * A black leather belt;
  * A disposable camera;
  * A toiletries kit;
  * An empty leather folder;
  * A gift bag containing a stuffed bear.

The following message is embroidered on the inside of SCP-6902 itself. "For Jason. You won't lose this one."
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). IATA airport code for Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport
[2](javascript:;). IATA airport code for Newark Liberty International Airport