# SCP-7591
Item Number: SCP-7591
Rating: 196
Series: series-8
Tags: _licensebox, alex-thorley, antimemetic, cadaver, director-lague, geoffrey-quincy-harrison, pending, scp, unreality-dept, untitled-series

---

PlaguePJP: XXVIII
**SCP-7591** — _Alex Thorley Kills A Guy_
* * *
[▸ More by this Author ◂](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/plaguepjp)
* * *
{$comments2}
[F.A.Q.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers)
{$doesthisfixthebug}
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A
**Description:** SCP-7591 is a method of murder utilized by Researcher Alex Thorley on at least one person. By nature, murders by use of SCP-7591 are unable to be confirmed, and any physical evidence is completely erased from the present reality. This includes a weapon, the deceased, traces of DNA, and other information that would lead to the confirmation of the murder.
Despite the lack of evidence, those who encounter a person who used SCP-7591 will invariably become aware that a murder took place and that the user of SCP-7591 is responsible.
**Addendum 7591.1:** Investigation
On December 24, 2019, Alex Thorley was transferred to Site-322 as part of unrelated investigatory research. During this timeframe, SCP-7591 was either created or discovered in secret by Thorley, who used it the same day.
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_It is pizza day, so the cafeteria is very crowded._
**Hoover:** Alex Thorley killed someone.
**Schantz:** I knew it!
**Hoover:** Shhhhh! Christ, Neil. Don't bring attention to us.
**Schantz:** We all know they killed someone.
**Kline:** Yeah, it's pretty clear.
**Schantz:** Alex Thorley killed a guy.
**Kline:** Alex Thorley _killed_ a guy.
_From another table, Doctor Marley Mooney joins the conversation._
**Mooney:** Are you talking about Thorley?
**Hoover:** Yeah, we are.
**Mooney:** They definitely killed someone.
**Schantz:** One hundred percent.
**Mooney:** I wonder how though? How can you be so bad at killing someone everyone knows?
_As he passes, Researcher Coix interjects._
**Coix:** You guys talking about Alex Thorley killing someone?
**Hoover:** Yeah.
**Mooney:** Yeah.
**Schantz:** Yeah.
**Kline:** Yeah.
**Coix:** Crazy stuff.
_Coix leaves, chomping a donut as he does. The rest of the cafeteria guests begin to discuss the machinations of Thorley's murderous actions._
* * *
_Director Lague and SCP-5595 enter the cafeteria and maneuver to the buffet line._
**Lague:** I don't need to tolerate this from you.
**SCP-5595:** `JUST LIKE YOU TOLERATE MURDER.`
**Lague:** I told you to shut up.
**SCP-5595:** `OH, YOU'RE COVERING IT UP NOW, ARE YOU? COP. COP. COP.`
**Lague:** We're doing an internal review.
**SCP-5595:** `DID YOU GUYS HEAR THAT? HE SAID IT. COP. COP. LAUGH AT THE PIG.`
**Lague:** I can't fire someone without evidence.
**SCP-5595:** `WE ALL KNOW ALEX THORLEY KILLED A GUY.`
**Lague:** Making this bigger than it is isn't helping anyone.
**SCP-5595:** `WANNA SEE BIG?`
_SCP-5595 turns to the cafeteria._
**SCP-5595:** `HEY EVERYONE, ALEX THORLEY KILLED A GUY.`
_The entire cafeteria responds in unison._
**Cafeteria Guests:** We know.
**«END LOG»**
Following pressure on Site-322 upper management, Researcher Thorley was asked to discuss these accusations with Director Lague.
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
**Lague:** Have you ever had violent thoughts?
**Thorley:** I guess.
**Lague:** How often?
**Thorley:** Am I supposed to count them?
**Lague:** Average it.
**Thorley:** Rarely.
**Lague:** Ever act on them?
**Thorley:** No.
**Lague:** Childhood. You ever do the ant-magnifying glass thing?
**Thorley:** No.
**Lague:** Would you consider yourself a temperamental person?
**Thorley:** I don't know. Probably not.
**Lague:** Favorite movie?
**Thorley:** What?
**Lague:** Christ, throw me a bone here. I've been dealing with this all day and I want to go home. Did you kill someone?
**Thorley:** No…?
**Lague:** Why does everyone think you did?
**Thorley:** I don't know.
**Lague:** If I run entire sweeps of your housing assignments for the last ten years would that worry you?
**Thorley:** Should I be worried?
**Lague:** You tell me.
**Thorley:** No.
_Lague sighs._
**Lague:** Okay, thank you, Alex.
**Thorley:** Sure.
**«END LOG»**
**Addendum 7591.2:** Transfer
On December 25, 2019, as it became increasingly clear that Thorley had indeed murdered someone, despite lack of evidence, they were forced to transfer to another Site to prevent productivity issues across Site-322. Thorley was told to be ready for transport by the end of the 25th. The following event took place on that date:
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Thorley begins packing what little items they have, placing their work laptop, notebooks, loose pieces of paper, and a Rubik's Cube in a small shoulder bag._
_Thorley goes to retrieve their clothing from their room's closet. As they open the door, a bloodied body falls out face first. Thorley is clearly startled and dashes to the opposite end of the room._
_Slowly, Thorley approaches the body, picking its arm up and rolling it over, revealing the body to belong to Alex Thorley._
_Thorley stares at their corpse as they appear to calm down._
_Thorley retrieves their phone and dials a three-digit number._
**Thorley:** Hey.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** It happened again.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** The closet this time.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** Yeah.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** Worse.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** Everyone. The entire Site.
_[…]_
**Thorley:** No. I'll— Please. No.
_[…]_
_They sigh._
**Thorley:** I'll do it.
_Thorley retrieves a trash bag from an unsupervised janitor's cart._
_Thorley places their mangled body into the trash bag, then secures the trash bag in a large duffel bag and slings it over their shoulder, almost knocking themselves off balance._
_They peek their head out of the door, shuffle back and forth in their room, then quickly walk out of Site-322._
**«END LOG»**
* * *
* * *
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
PlaguePJP's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-6598](/scp-6598) _(+266)_ • [SCP-5591](/scp-5591) _(+136)_ • [SCP-6597](/scp-6597) _(+182)_ • [SCP-8594](/scp-8594) _(+130)_ • [SCP-6594](/scp-6594) _(+121)_ • [Plague's Proposal](/plague-s-proposal) _(+389)_ • [SCP-8597](/scp-8597) _(+183)_ • [SCP-7001](/scp-7001) _(+571)_ • [SCP-7590](/scp-7590) _(+157)_ • [SCP-7593](/scp-7593) _(+217)_ • [SCP-5787](/scp-5787) _(+289)_ • [Plauge's Proposal](/plauge-proposal) _(+261)_ • [SCP-8598](/scp-8598) _(+167)_ • [SCP-6591](/scp-6591) _(+86)_ • [SCP-5593](/scp-5593) _(+112)_ •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [HOGSLICE Makes A Friend](/hogslice-makes-a-friend) _(+172)_ •  
Other |  [PLAGUEPJPAGE](/plaguepjp) _(+208)_ •