# SCP-8029
Item Number: SCP-8029
Rating: 29
Series: series-9
Tags: _licensebox, _listpages, aquatic, esoteric-class, hostile, scp, spring-cleaning24

---

[Dr Kira Moto](javascript:;)
[Want more?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-moto-s-center-for-odd-occurrences)
Item#: 8029
Level2
Containment Class:
esoteric
Secondary Class:
conscientia
Disruption Class:
ekhi
Risk Class:
warning
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

* * *
**Assigned Site** | **Research Head** | **Assisting Researcher** | **Assigned Task Force**  
---|---|---|---  
Site-250 | Jon Reid | Shiko Hyuse | Shi-2 (Hunter Recruits)  
**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8029 cannot be physically contained, necessitating the public to believe it is non-anomalous. Efforts are to be directed at relief and evacuation should SCP-8029's effects increase. Any member of the public claiming to have seen oddly low clouds or strange mist alongside odd runes or a "cat-boy" is to be amnesticized, and any evidence confiscated or destroyed.
**Description:** SCP-8029 is a series of phenomena resembling earthquakes that began on 07/07/2038 which affected the Japanese island of Kyushu. It cannot be explained by tectonic plate activity or any other non-anomalous geological origin.
Several occult circles with unknown runes have been found at the aforementioned locations.
**Addendum 8029-1:** The following event was captured shortly before the first earthquakes began in Kitakyushu on Kyushu's northernmost tip.
**Date:** 07/09/2038
**Note:** The video comes from a convenience store. All witnesses were amnesticized and the record has been removed from the store's security.
* * *
[Begin Video Log]
_< An unknown man with ears and a tail resembling a raccoon dog appears and looks around. He looks through the shelves before picking up a variety of candy bars. Three are shoved into his pocket before he approaches the counter and pays for the rest.>_
_< The man chooses a spot and kneels. Several moments pass before he produces something from his clothing and begins drawing on the ground.>_
_< The subject continues for five minutes, during which an unknown sound is heard, and a thick mist surrounds him.>_
_< An individual with multiple tattoos approaches the scene. They approach the subject on the ground. A short scuffle ensues, in which the tattoos begin to glow. A currently unknown form of thaumaturgy is seen attempting to force the mist back.>_
_< An earthquake begins. The tattooed man moves for cover. Three minutes later, the anomalous man emerges from the mist and leaves. The mist dissipates over the next hour. The unknown noise is heard.>_
[End Video Log]
**Note:** The runes left at the scene were studied and do not appear in any currently known texts. It is believed they either predate written language or are newly created. The unknown anomalous figure has yet to be identified.
An investigation identified the tattooed man as Rintaro Ryu, the current head of the Shishi Ryu clan. The Yakuza group possesses thaumaturgical abilities, but they do not produce events similar to SCP-8029.
While researching probable causes of SCP-8029, Head Researcher Reid discovered that the earthquakes caused by an SCP-8029 event do not extend beyond the confines of Kyushu. Furthermore, Assistant Researcher Hyuse was able to tentatively identify the unknown anomalous man as PoI 712-1.
As PoI 712-1 has been known to exert some measure of control over various anomalies related to the Japanese legends of yokai, often to the detriment of humanity, his capture is considered a high priority. MTF Shi-2 has been deployed to track the man and has been given command of five other MTF teams to aid in the search.
Twenty-seven events of magnitude 2.5 to 5.4 were recorded in the following three days. During that time, the following note arrived at Site-250. It was written in an ancient Japanese dialect and translated by Researcher Hyuse.
Tell me, little researcher. Do you know why this is happening? Do you know why the ground shakes beneath your feet?
Do you even know what's lying below? Do you even care?
Sincerely, A Friend
The note is believed to have come from PoI 712-1. Investigation into its meaning and the method of delivery is underway. Additionally, two dozen extra security guards have been assigned to Site-250 until the manner of delivery is discovered.
**Addendum 8029-2:** Following the first three events located along the north side of Kyushu, four SCP-8029 events occurred on the island of Himeshima, just off the northeastern edge. After the first three events, all structures on the island were rubble, injuring four hundred thirty civilians and killing twenty-four. Following this, the island's remaining inhabitants of around 2100 people were evacuated.
On 07/16/2038, following the last civilian evacuations, an SCP-8029 event of unprecedented magnitude occurred on Himishima.
**Date:** 07/16/2038
**Note:** A Foundation drone surveying the area for any continuing SCP-8029 phenomenon recorded the following footage.
* * *
[Begin Video Log]
_< Empty streets and piles of rubble pass below. The sky is clear, and the ocean is calm.>_
_< Splashes are heard. The drone turns to view the northern shore. The sand dips, and water pours into the open space. The beach rises, throwing water and sand tens of meters inland. The land slams down, causing waves. The process repeats multiple times until the waves are meters high.>_
_< The drone turns to view the rest of the island. It moves in the same pattern as it did on the shore. After a minute, the entire northern side of the island pulls up, curling strangely, and slams back down. When the splashed water settles, the island has vanished beneath the waves.>_
[End Video Log]
Twenty minutes after this event, a tsunami hit several islands on its way to Yamaguchi Prefecture on the southern edge of mainland Japan. Twenty-three people died on Ozu Island and fifteen on Kurokami Island. After departing the islands, the tsunami crashed into the area centered on Nagata Beach Park and continued inland. Seven hundred people were injured, five went missing, and forty-six died. Despite costing hundreds of millions of yen in damages, the remainder of the tsunami did not leave Shūnan in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
Following these events, four smaller SCP-8029 events occurred in settlements lining the northeastern coast until they reached the city of Saiki.
07/22/2038, Onyujima Island, which was previously off the shore of Saiki on Kyushu's north-eastern edge, vanished beneath the sea, similarly to Himishima. While the event flooded the coastal areas surrounding Onyujima Island's previous location, the tsunami that followed did not cause serious damage as it encountered the mountains and hills of Ehime Prefecture on Shikoku, the smallest of Japan's four major islands and north-east of Kyushu.
SCP-8029 events continued down the eastern coast of Kyushu until they reached the island's southern tip. None of the events resulted in serious damage until an SCP-8029 event occurred near the Takenoura Post Office in Satakori.
**Date:** 07/31/2038
**Note:** Multiple videos of the event were captured; however, most were corrupted, and several were lost completely. The useable footage has been compiled to make a coherent documentation of events. Visual static and distorted noise are present throughout the video.
* * *
[Begin Video Log]
_< A woman stands in front of the ocean. Something appears on the horizon. After seventeen seconds, it's tall and wide enough to elicit alarm from the cameraman. The waterline pulls back noticeably.>_
_< From the northern side of the anomaly, a group of people stares at the growing wall curling into the air. The water rises with it before falling and rushing toward the shore. Multiple people scream. The camera is dropped. The video cuts out as a foot lands on the device.>_
_< Another view, this one from the southern part of the island. Waves crash over the land in the distance. The wall from before has risen high enough to block the sun. Water is rushing towards the camera as people rush past. Without warning, the wall crashes back into the sea, sending water high into the atmosphere. The last thing the camera sees is a tidal wave crashing into it.>_
[End Video Log]
A tsunami later crashed into the southern half of the Japanese island of Shikoku, leveling any infrastructure and flooding the remainder of the island. Additionally, it covered Wakayama Prefecture and the south half of Nara and Mie Prefectures on mainland Japan. The damages to Kyushu include flooding three-quarters of the island and destruction of the eastern half. Estimates show three million dead, including forty-three Foundation personnel. The wave is currently heading deep into the North Pacific Ocean.
Emergency protocols have been enacted. Any remaining citizens are to be removed and transferred to northern Japan. Efforts will be made to cover up the event and contain the spread of information. The assistance of government agencies, friendly GoI, and volunteer groups will be enlisted to aid in the process.
Another note arrived at Site-250.
Did you know, little researcher?
Yokai come in all sizes. Some are so large you can barely tell what they are; some are so tiny you'd never even think to look at them. Most of us are pretty average, though, so I can't blame you for not knowing what you're dealing with.
Sincerely, A Friend
The following excerpt was recovered during evacuations. It is believed to belong to PoI 712-1 due to the dialect used.
Everywhere I look, I see those weakened and forgotten. They skitter about, fearful of the day. The humans, blasted things that they are, forced us from the limelight.
Just yesterday, I stumbled across a group of kappa.[1](javascript:;) The youngest was already struggling. With the rise of humanity, they can't find enough food without risking themselves. I gave them what I could, and they told me of a group that was killed after being stumbled across. Another group had been captured and brought to one of the new Hunter bases.
I come across stories like this all the time. Surely, there must be something we can do. We used to be respected; some even worshipped. It will not be my fate to watch us supernaturals be slowly eradicated for being different.
Humanity has all but forgotten us. Would changing that help?
**Addendum 8029-3:** The following footage was captured from the bodycams of MTF Shi-2 operatives on 08/09/2038 during their efforts to assist in the evacuation of Kitakyushu on the northernmost point on the island.
[Begin Video Log]
_< Anders and his team rush through the city. They pass several MTF groups and a multitude of other Foundation staff aiding in the evacuation.>_
_< Ahead is a large group of people; several have tattoos, and a few use thaumaturgy to protect the group as an earthquake strikes. A tall man with both arms covered in tattoos approaches as the earthquake ends. Several people rush around to check for injuries and help those in need.>_
**Ryu:** Foundation?
**Anders:** You Ryu?
**Ryu:** Who else would I be? Now, are you here to help or not?
**Anders:** You don't sound too happy that we're here.
**Ryu:** You'll live. Are you going to help me save my city, or do I need to find some other incompetent fools to aid me?
**Anders:** Fenris, take Tethras and two others. You'll be aiding the search and evac on the eastern side of the city.
**Fenris:** Aye, sir. Merrill, Isabella. You're with me.
_< Ryu's phone rings. He answers it as the MTF separates. Ryu looks apprehensive.>_
**Anders:** Something wrong?
**Ryu:** He's… _< Ryu turns to a pair of tattooed men.>_ You two! The yokai's back! Get him before he destroys what's left of my city!
_< The pair share a look before accepting the mission and rushing off.>_
**Anders:** I'm sending a couple of my guys along. It can't hurt to have more manpower.
_< Ryu laughs bitterly. Anders calls for two of his men to track down the yokai.>_
**Ryu:** Do what you want… You have no idea what I've done to try and stop these quakes. I've— _< Another earthquake begins.>_ — attempted force and magic. I've tried to figure out what's causing them. Hell, I tried asking it nicely to stop. But none of it's worked. All it's gotten me is a half-destroyed city. This isn't something I can handle.
**Anders:** Would you mind letting our guys look at what you've learned? We might be able to find something you've missed.
_< Ryu remains silent for three seconds. He appears to debate something.>_
**Ryu:** That depends on what you want. I won't risk my boys any further.
**Anders:** Understandable. Anything you know about the quakes or this yokai would be helpful. Our researchers are looking into it, but all they have are theories.
_< Ryu appears conflicted but nods after a few seconds.>_
[End Video Log]
**Note:** The video is from MTF Shi-2 member Terry Vael's body camera. Vael and Valen were sent to investigate the yokai mentioned by Ryu.
* * *
[Begin Video Log]
**Vael:** You really think we'll find something out here, Di?
**Valen:** Probably. You know how yokai are. They stick to themselves until they don't, then they make it everyone's problem. If this one's at that stage, we're going to see it.
_< The pair approaches the area as an earthquake begins. They stumble as they near the sea. Buildings crash down around them. Crashing waves are heard, although the ocean is still nearly a kilometer away. A voice can be heard, though it cannot be understood.>_
**Valen:** Weird. Doesn't sound like modern Japanese. Sounds almost like… Isn't that the dialect Hyuse translates?
**Vael:** Maybe? I'm not familiar with it, but it does sound rather archaic.
_< They get closer, catching sight of PoI 712-1. Mist surrounds him, though it is not dense enough to block the sight of him. Glimpses of something are seen beneath its feet. He stops his actions as the pair approach, smirking.>_
**PoI 712-1:** I was wondering when you Hunters would catch up to me. I was starting to think you weren't coming. You really must work on your reaction time. As it is, you'll be useless in the days to come.
**Valen:** You must be the Tanuki[2](javascript:;) causing these quakes.
_< PoI 712-1 is amused. He grins at Valen.>_
**PoI 712-1:** Perhaps you're not as dull as I thought. It remains to be seen if the rest of you Hunters are any better. _< PoI 712-1 stumbles, rubble crashing down less than a meter from it.>_ I really must be going. I'd hate to be crushed to death before finally seeing my plans come to fruition.
_< PoI 712-1 vanishes into the mist. Vael approaches the spot where it stood as the mist begins dissipating. Around them, the same symbols from other SCP-8029 instances are seen. The shaking intensifies, sending Vael to the ground. The video turns to black as rubble crashes around them. Vael cries out. The feed distorts and cuts out for three seconds before a view of Site-250's medical wing is presented. Vael can be heard groaning.>_
[End Video Log]
**Note:** The following footage was captured on a phone by someone on a passing passenger liner. The phone's owner, along with the rest of the ship, did not survive. The footage is distorted in places, and the sound is garbled beyond comprehension despite efforts to clean it up.
* * *
[Begin Video Log]
_< The video pans from the sea to Kyushu Island. It begins to move off before jerking back. Something large and dark rises from the sea, rising high enough to block the view of Kyushu completely. Something long and thin rises from the south. Both crash down, sending water rushing toward Japan and the passenger liner.>_
_< The island shifts as the water hits the ship. The phone falls into the ocean. A dark shadow moves in view. The phone lands on the seafloor, catching sight of something large moving above it. The video remains dark for eight minutes until the shadow passes.>_
[End Video Log]
Following the event, a death toll of 5.3 million was recorded, including fifty-seven Foundation personnel. Attempts to save survivors were launched, but the ruins were nowhere to be found.
Investigation shows that Kyushu vanished, leaving a sandbar in its place. It is now theorized that SCP-8029 is the island of Kyushu.
> [>A new version of this document is available. Please enter credentials.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8029/offset/1)
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). An aquatic, reptilian humanoid like yokai, generally the size of a small child. They generally live in rivers and streams.
[2](javascript:;). A shapeshifting animal yokai with magical abilities. They generally enjoy playing tricks on people.