# SCP-8138
Item Number: SCP-8138
Rating: 25
Series: series-9
Tags: _licensebox, biological, cadaver, cognitohazard, euclid, humanoid, scp

---

[Just Fragments Hub](/just-fragments-hub) » SCP-8138
  * [](javascript:;)
[close](javascript:;)
## Info
* * *
[X](javascript:;)
**SCP-8138:** Dead Man Walking
**Author:** Doctor Scrappy
There is more to it than there may initially seem.
* * *

Item#: 8138
Level2
Containment Class:
euclid
Secondary Class:
none
Disruption Class:
dark
Risk Class:
caution
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8138 is to be contained within a modified humanoid anomaly cell, accommodating for its anomalous properties.[1](javascript:;) The standard dietary regimen for humanoid anomalies is not to be provided to SCP-8138. It is to be allowed access to Site-67’s garden area,[2](javascript:;) supervised by at least one member of Level 2 security staff. Any deviations in SCP-8138’s behavior _(see below)_ are to be reported to Site Dir. B. Dellen immediately.
**Description:** SCP-8138 designates a male human of Asian descent, standing at approximately 175 centimeters, identified as Caishen Feng.[3](javascript:;) SCP-8138 does not display any need to intake sustenance, hydration, nor does it excrete any waste products; despite this, however, SCP-8138’s bodily functions continue to function within acceptable parameters.
It is either unable or unwilling to move, nor does it respond to any attempts at communication, or outside stimulus.
**Appendix [8138-001] - History**
SCP-8138 came to the attention of the Foundation on 09/13/2011, where reports of an individual displaying its anomalous properties within the Tongji Hospital, Shanghai, China, emerged. It was discovered with several medical devices attached onto its body.[4](javascript:;)
A note was recovered alongside SCP-8138; it has been stored, designated, translated from the original Chinese and has been archived below:
[\+ [Access Document 8138-A]](javascript:;)
[\- [Access Granted]](javascript:;)
> _With breath_  
>  _I’ll miss you_  
>  _so long ago_  
>  _forever in memory_  
>  _I want tell you how much I love_  
>  _see you soon_
**Appendix [8138-002] - Interview**
The following is an interview conducted by Dr. Adam Krug upon initial recovery of SCP-8138.
[\+ [Access Interview 8138-A]](javascript:;)
[\- [Access Granted]](javascript:;)
> **INTERVIEW 8138-A**
> **Interviewer:** Dr. Adam Krug
> **Interviewee:** SCP-8138
> * * *
> **[BEGIN RECORDING]**
> _(Dr. Krug enters the cell, a cup of coffee in hand, and sits down across SCP-8138.)_
> _(He places the cup of coffee onto the table between him and SCP-8138.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** Greetings, Mr. Feng. I am Dr. Adam Krug of the Strategic Care Partner Foundation.[5](javascript:;) Excuse the unusual circumstances.
> _(5 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** Could you please tell me about yourself? About your condition?
> _(10 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** Mr. Feng, I am unable to provide help if you don’t respond to my questions.
> _(10 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** _(sighs)_ Then I will return at a later time, when you’re in condition of talking, Mr. Feng.
> _(Dr. Krug motions for security personnel to unlock the door.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** _(whispers into hidden microphone)_ Subject unresponsive to all inquiries. Abort interview.
> _(Dr. Krug stands up to leave.)_
> _(He reaches for his cup of coffee, but accidentally knocks it over. Contents spill onto SCP-8138.)_
> **Dr. Krug:** Excuse me for the inconvenience, Mr. Feng! I…
> _(SCP-8138 does not respond, nor move in any way.)_
> _(Dr. Krug remains there for 5 seconds, seemingly confused, before being urged out of the cell by security personnel.)_
> **[END RECORDING]**
> * * *
> **Note:** _SCP-8138 provided new clothes. Dr. Adam Krug reprimanded for careless actions against an anomalous entity. - Site Dir. B. Dellen_
**Appendix [8138-003]**
> _**Note to all SCP-8138 personnel:** Personnel have reported a distinct odor[6](javascript:;) emanating from SCP-8138, while interacting or within the presence of it. This is considered normal, and any change in this phenomenon must be reported directly to me._
> _\- Site Dir. B. Dellen_
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Due to this, a bathroom has been excluded from the cell’s layout.
[2](javascript:;). As per the Ethics Committee’s accords for humanoid anomalies.
[3](javascript:;). Born 03/21/193█.
[4](javascript:;). Ventilator, IV drip, etc.
[5](javascript:;). Foundation front company.
[6](javascript:;). Typically described as ‘foul’ and generally unpleasant.
* * *
  

**»[HUB](/just-fragments-hub) «**
**[Next](/maybe-the-end-of-the-world-isnt-as-bad-as-it-sounds) »**
* * *