# SCP-5476
Item Number: SCP-5476
Rating: 165
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, computer, keter, meta, scp, uncontained

---

  * [_SCP 5476_](javascript:;)
  * [_Footnotes_](javascript:;)

**SCP-5476**[1](javascript:;)
**Object Class:** Keter[2](javascript:;)
**Special Containment Procedures:**[3](javascript:;) Technobabble.aic[4](javascript:;) has been assigned to reverse any edits made to the Foundation database[5](javascript:;) by SCP-5476 events.
**Description:**[6](javascript:;) SCP-5476 is an anomalous phenomenon in which pages in the SCP Foundation database are edited to include footnotes[7](javascript:;) to clarify the meanings of various words. These edits are not made by any registered user and are able to bypass password-protected articles.[8](javascript:;) In some cases, SCP-5476 events have occurred in paper documents, replicating the ink used in the page. It is unknown if SCP-5476 events are caused by a sentient entity.[9](javascript:;)
**Discovery:**[10](javascript:;) The first SCP-5476 event occurred on 07/03/21[11](javascript:;) during an incident with an experimental AIC. Junior Researcher[12](javascript:;) █████ ███████[13](javascript:;) developed Crystal.aic[14](javascript:;) for the purpose of teaching new staff members the meanings of complicated terms[15](javascript:;) used in official Foundation documents. During testing, the AIC attempted to define a memetic hazard[16](javascript:;) and immediately deactivated. Roughly an hour[17](javascript:;) later, the AIC came back online and completed its edits to the page, as well as numerous other unneeded[18](javascript:;) definitions. All files related to the AIC were deleted, and SCP-5476 events began to occur in other Foundation documents.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Anomalies in the custody of the SCP Foundation are referred to by a three or four digit number for organizational purposes.
[2](javascript:;). The class above Euclid. This means the anomaly in question is very difficult to contain, but not necessarily dangerous to human life or normalcy.
[3](javascript:;). This section of the document describes how best to prevent the anomaly from threatening normalcy or human life. In the event that the anomaly is not a threat to normalcy or human life, this section describes how to prevent the anomaly from activating its anomalous effects.
[4](javascript:;). Artificially Intelligent Construct, an advanced computer program capable of replicating human behavior. The SCP Foundation uses AIC in many ways, including facility management and updating Foundation documents.
[5](javascript:;). A website dedicated to cataloguing the anomalous items in the custody of the SCP Foundation. This website can be accessed at [scp-wiki.wikidot.com](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/random:random-scp)
[6](javascript:;). This section of the document describes the physical characteristics of the anomaly, as well as its anomalous effects.
[7](javascript:;). Footnotes are small numbers or asterisks that, when moused over or followed to the bottom of the page, will show extra information on the subject. These notes are often used for additional context, or to add comments without breaking the flow of the document.
[8](javascript:;). Such as [SCP-3125](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3125), which can only be accessed fully if the user enters the code 55555.
[9](javascript:;). A being capable of rational thought and emotion, such as a human or anomalously modified AIC.
[10](javascript:;). This section of the document describes how the Foundation came to be aware of the anomaly.
[11](javascript:;). The seventh day of March in the year two thousand twenty-one, or the third day of July in the year two thousand twenty-one, depending on which country this document was written in.
[12](javascript:;). Low ranking, often new researchers for the SCP Foundation.
[13](javascript:;). Blackboxes are used to cover up sensitive information. In this case, the blackbox was used because Scott Wilkins requested to not have his name associated with the creation of a Keter anomaly.
[14](javascript:;). Meant as a low effort pun on the term "crystal clear" and the human name Crystal.
[15](javascript:;). Such as esoteric object classes and colour-based humanoid anomaly codes, which are very difficult for new and old Foundation staff to memorize.
[16](javascript:;). A complex image that, when viewed, causes an autonomous reaction in the viewer. These reactions can range from memory loss to death, and therefore are often used to defend sensitive information from those without proper clearance and memetic resistance. Some memetics can have varying effects on non-human observers.
[17](javascript:;). 60 minutes, 3600 seconds, 3600000 milliseconds, 3600000000 microseconds, or 3600000000000 nanoseconds.
[18](javascript:;). Numerous new staff members struggle to understand the complex scientific language used by the SCP Foundation.