# SCP-7943
Item Number: SCP-7943
Rating: 29
Series: series-8
Tags: _listpages, adaptive, observational, polyhedral, radioactive, safe, scp

---

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
There is a pending update to this document available below.
Item#: 7943
Level2
Containment Class:
safe
Secondary Class:
none
Disruption Class:
dark
Risk Class:
caution
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7943 is to be stored in a Safe-class inanimate object testing chamber modified with additional multipurpose protective layers to contain various unknown anomalous emanations. Personnel entering the chamber should wear standard PPE as a precaution until the object is better understood.  
  
**Description:** SCP-7943 is a perfect cube 46 cm in width with numerous anomalous properties.
The nature of the object has required collaboration and consultation with several departments, and the underlying anomaly is still poorly understood. These specific properties are listed in more detail in the addenda from each relevant department.  
  
**Addendum 7943.1:** Discovery and Containment - Completed 20/03/2021
The object was discovered in an unassigned Safe-class inanimate object testing chamber in Site-23 while the chamber was being set up to contain an unrelated anomaly. No security footage shows how it came to be there, and the chamber itself was not under surveillance while unassigned and believed to be empty. The object was immediately recognized to be anomalous and transported to a shielded test chamber without incident.  
  
_"I've been searching security footage and chamber usage logs for days now and I haven't found even a hint about where this thing came from. It's strange enough that I'll start by handing it off to Memetics to make sure we're seeing what we think we're seeing."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.2:** Department of Memetics - Completed 22/03/2021
No memetic agents were found. There is no evidence of any Cognitohazards or Infohazards.
_"Looks clear. Have fun."_ \- Dr. Shinso
_"Good to know. Hopefully Sciences can figure this one out."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.3:** Department of Sciences - Completed 01/04/2021
The object is a cube that doesn't react to most physical forces as expected. It conforms to standard models regarding mass, volume, kinetic momentum, and gravity. The surface material has proven invulnerable to all tested methods of sample collection. It interacts with several forms of energy in ways that are clearly anomalous.
The object does not react to EM input. It neither reflects nor absorbs EM waves. EM waves disappear on contact with the object in a way that does not generate heat or influence the light it emanates. The object appears to be a solid, untextured blue from any angle in any lighting environment. This is due to constant, uniform emissions of the following wavelengths in all directions at all times:  
5 km (low frequency radio)  
7 cm (microwave)  
465 nm (blue visible light)  
78 nm (ultraviolet)  
0.3 nm (x-ray)
The object does not react to audio input. It neither reflects nor absorbs sound. Sound waves disappear on contact with the object in a way that does not generate heat or influence the sound it emits. The object emits a constant tone of 440 Hz at 60 dB.
The object does not react to altered ambient temperature in any way. The surface temperature of the object remains at 37°C at all times.
_"This thing is really odd, but I'm not seeing any way to interact with it beyond measuring outputs. It just ignores everything we try and we can't get any samples. Note that it puts out enough ionizing radiation to warrant basic PPE."_ \- Dr. Bellomo
_"That tells us a lot while not giving us much to work with. It's a thing that does some things, but we still have no idea what it is. Let’s see if Chemistry can at least narrow down what it's made of."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.4:** Department of Chemistry - Completed 11/04/2021
The object is non-reactive to standard tests. Spectroscopy produces inconclusive results. The object surface is uniformly composed of an unknown and/or anomalous solid material. Attempts to excise a sample for analysis failed. The anomalous properties of the object surface material prevent analysis of any internal structures or materials.
_"Whatever this is, it's well outside of the periodic table."_ \- Dr. Breen
_"Apparently not. If it's not made of standard elements, maybe Alchemy can give me something? I did a quick check for Aetheric Resonance and it came back positive, so I like my odds."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.5:** Department of Alchemy - Completed 16/04/2021
The object does not react to any catalyst or process in our repertoire. There is a small but measurable Aetheric Resonance within 0.2 meters of the object, but further investigation has not provided further enlightenment. There are no markings indicating that the unidentified matter is of an alchemical origin.
_"While the aetheric properties of the object mean that I can't rule out the involvement of an alchemist somewhere along the way, I couldn't find anything conclusive."_ \- Dr. Silva
_"Resonance but no sign of Alchemy? Odd. Maybe some sort of reality bending is causing a false positive?"_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.6:** Department of Ontokinetics ‐ Completed 23/04/2021
Kant Counters return a consistent result of 128 Hm in an area surrounding the object, diminishing over range to baseline at 1.3 meters. Activating a Scranton Reality Anchor within the containment chamber returns the Hume rating of the area to baseline while active. Negating the ontokinetic aura of the object has no observable effect on the affected area. The aura returns immediately when the anchor is deactivated.
_"It's definitely doing something, but damned if I can figure out what. At least it doesn't seem dangerous. Send it back to me if it ever breaks something or hurts someone and I'll take another look."_ \- Dr. Lynn
_"I should probably add ontokinetic resistance to the suggested PPE just in case. I've never seen results like this, and I have no idea what to make of it. I need to do some deeper reading. Meanwhile I'll see if Psionics can confirm something for me."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.7:** Department of Psionics - Completed 28/04/2021
Subjects deprived of hearing still describe a mental sensation that matches the 'hum' of the audio output from the object. This suggests that the audio output is both physical and telepathic.
_"I'm not sure what you were expecting us to add to this discussion, but here you go. We can confirm your suspicion that the sound is both physical and telepathic. Interesting, but not particularly noteworthy among the anomalies we investigate."_ \- Dr. Keo
_"Interesting indeed. This thing keeps piling on anomalous properties. This is getting hard to believe. Maybe Memetics missed something?"_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.8:** Department of Memetics - Completed 02/05/2021
No memetic agents were found. There is no evidence of Cognitohazards or Infohazards.
_"We took a closer look at this thing. Still no signs of compulsion. If you feel the need to keep digging, that's on you. I'm pretty sure it's just a weird box."_ \- Dr. Shinso  
  
_"Same answer. It seems like this thing is in every category other than Memetics. Maybe what's actually going on is hiding somehow?"_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.9:** Department of Antimemetics - Completed 03/05/2021
No data.
_"Really? If this was our kind of thing, you wouldn't know to bring it to us. I took a look anyway. Not my department."_ \- Dr. Horvat
_"Ok. That's fair. I'm running out of ideas and I'm no closer to a real answer. Time to start trying more obscure options."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.10:** Department of Surrealistics - Completed, Perhaps
Oh this little fella is quite a trickster, isn't it? We took it for a good long walk and gave it all the nicest treats we could find and it still won't shake or roll over! And it's still staring with those puppy dog eyes, but we just can't seem to find what it's waiting for. Or maybe it knows we're the ones waiting and it wants us in suspense?
_"You wouldn't believe the angles we poked at this thing from! Never met its like! But there's always another way to see things, right? If Agnostics aren't doing the trick, have you tried Gnostics? Mnestics? Amnestics? I'm sure this critter has something to say if we find the right questions to ask!"_ \- Dr. Wójcik
_"I don't know what I was expecting. Reports from Surrealistics are always a bit incomprehensible. I think I get the general idea, but that doesn't help much. At least they gave me some new ideas to try."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.11:** Department of Tactical Theology - Completed 19/05/2021
Historical records do not connect the object to any known entities or forces. A full battery of test prayers and rites failed to influence the object or its Akiva Radiation field (32 cAk). Upon request, we repeated several key tests with subjects under the effect of Gnostic treatments. These tests produced identical results to the same tests conducted with untreated subjects.
_"The discovery of Akiva Radiation from this object put this on our plate. We threw everything at it and it didn't respond. If it is an actual artifact or relic of some sort, we will need to know what entity it is connected to before we can seek any further."_ \- Dr. Prichard
_"I liked the Gnostics idea. I got my hopes up when the Akiva test came back positive. But I still can't account for what they found. Doesn't Akiva mean someone has faith in it or it has faith in someone? What could possibly trigger a false positive on that? Maybe the wizards can at least give me something to work with. Running out of options here."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.12:** Department of Thaumaturgy - Completed 26/05/2021
Object generates a 2377 Casper intensity Aspect Radiation field. While this would typically cause mild to moderate paranormal phenomena, no such effects were observed. Object does not respond to standard interaction or disruption rituals.
_"No sign of thaumaturgical source or effect despite EVE readings."_ \- Dr. Gupta
_"Yet another positive test result with no apparent answers. I'm missing something. Back to the archives. Seems like I spend all my time there lately. Might as well keep passing it around until I find something to work with."_ \- Dr Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.13:** Department of Spectral Affairs - Completed 30/05/2021
The object generates trace quantities of ectoplasm that immediately evaporate. There is no apparent cause and no other connection or response to spectral phenomena.
_"What is this thing? It doesn't make any sense at all."_ \- Dr. Rosenberg
_"I genuinely have no idea what to tell them."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.14:** Department of Oneirology Studies - Completed 02/06/2021
Sleepers within 10 meters of the object will have clear, lucid dreams in which they can perceive the object. Attempting to interact with the dream form of the object produces no results.
_"While this object clearly projects itself into the local collective unconscious, we couldn't find a way to interact with it there."_ \- Dr. Weaver
_"Why? Just… Why?"_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.15:** Department of Applied Horology - Completed 04/06/2021
While in contact with the object, local time passes 0.08% more slowly than baseline. This effect fades to baseline at a distance of 6 m.
_"Good catch. The time dilation here is really subtle, but it's measurable."_ \- Dr. Quill
_"Seriously? Another anomalous property? I've never even heard of something like this, and I still haven't been able to find anything helpful in the archives."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.16:** Department of Essophysics
Nope.
_"Oh hell no."_ \- Dr. Summers
_"I am unclear regarding the meaning or intention of Dr. Summers' addendum, but I've been told not to inquire further."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.17:** Department of Unreality ‐ Completed [Date]
Alex Thorley was present to provide a perspective.
_"So hey, when someone like you finds out [Department], the best they get it is something something 'white space'. So I can make this one easy for [Name]! Whatever [Noun] is, it has no white space. It fills the white space around it to the brim until there isn't any more. You keep opening another space to look at it through, and that gets filled too._
_If you can come up with the right name for the exact opposite of the Department of Unreality, that's who you should send this to."_ \- Rs. Thorley
Alex Thorley was not present to answer follow-up questions.
_"I'm reasonably certain that just happened. I looked it up and apparently the Department of Unreality exists, although the definition of 'exists' might have to be a bit flexible in this case. Rs. Thorley's credentials checked out._
_They gave me some things to ponder. More of a riddle than a piece of data, but I might be able to work with that. I still can't shake the feeling that this thing must be deceiving our perception or analysis somehow. Maybe Memetics missed something? Is it just extremely subtle?"_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.18:** Department of Memetics - Completed 09/06/2021
No memetic agents were found. There is no evidence of Cognitohazards or Infohazards.
_"This hit my desk for the third time with a bunch of extra requests. We had our highest and lowest memetic resistance researchers compare notes. As requested, we tried applying Mnestics in various combinations with these tests. We had researchers who were previously aware of the object and researchers who weren't aware of the object compare notes. We checked everything we can check without calling in off-site resources._
_There is absolutely no hint that there might be a Cognitohazard or Infohazard here. Nothing about this object is compelling anyone in any way. Knowing about this object is not influencing anyone in any way. Whatever issues this object is causing for you, it has absolutely nothing to do with our department._
_I would really prefer not to dedicate an entire team to this again please. Our resources are already over-allocated for at least the next eight months."_ \- Dr. Shinso
_"Ok Ok. Message received. That leaves me with something that has over a dozen unrelated anomalous properties. I don't know where I would even look in the archives for this. I can't think of anything else worth trying. Maybe Surrealistics or Unreality had a good idea I haven't been able to translate into something that makes sense? Back to the drawing board. There must be something in this mountain of data. I'm not ready to give up."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.19:** Personal Note - 15/06/2021
_"Eureka! It's the information. It was watching us just as much as we were watching it. I took this to Director Meyer and they informed me that the Department of Semiotics exists. Today I learned. I suspect that they were handing me off to be someone else's problem. I'm fine with that if it gets me answers._
_I don't know how to test this, but I think they will. Apparently they've handled far stranger things. I need to bring their people in from their specialist site for this. It's all about the information."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.20:** Department of Semiotics - Completed 20/06/2021
In order to test the information response of the object, we chose an anomalous property that could not have existed without having been passively detected by previous observers. We exercised additional caution due to the potential threat of causing a dangerous property to manifest.
We chose the color red. All previous observers saw visible blue light at 465 nm. We built a device that could detect the presence of the visible red light EM wavelength of 650 nm and no other information.
After thorough control testing with human and other observers, we introduced the device to the object. An observer entered the test chamber wearing sensory deprivation headgear. Upon activating the device, it received a positive result, indicating that the object had already been emitting red light. Upon removing the headgear, the observer perceived both blue and red light.
Combined with previous observations, our tests confirm that the object gains new properties when a sapient being attempts to assess whether or not the object has that property. It is now emitting both 465 nm and 650 nm light because sapient beings have sought that information. It is unclear how a property is selected when there are multiple possibilities. We can speculate that it is related to the qualia of the informational expectations of the observer.
_"This object exhibits a mild Semiohazard. The signs[1](javascript:;) that it expresses are altered based on a complex information interaction with a sapient observer. This information transfer is effectively instantaneous, ensuring that the change process cannot itself be observed. The observer perceives the object as though the sign had always existed."_ \- Dr. Gough
_"I knew it! I've got this thing! People were telling me to give up and box it weeks ago. But I've finally got it. I was feeding it this whole time. But now I finally have an answer."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  
**Addendum 7943.21:** Final Notes - Completed 21/06/2021
_"I still don't know what this thing was before we found it. But I know what it is now. It became what we were looking for._
_When our people walked into the room and looked at it, it started emitting visible light. When the containment team walked in with standard issue geiger counters, it started emitting radiation. When Sciences checked for other frequencies, a bunch of other frequencies appeared. When I checked for Aetheric Resonance, it started generating enough Aetheric Resonance to convince me to send it to the alchemists. Then I pointed a Kant Counter at it and suddenly it had weird Hume readings._
_I kept sending it out for one test after another. I was giving it more anomalous properties every time. Now we know. Now we can toss it into a lead-lined box knowing what it is and why we're containing it. It's finally done."_ \- Dr. Mendoza  
  

[A pending update to this document is available here.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7943/offset/1)
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). In semiotics, a sign is defined as anything that communicates meaning to the sign's interpreter.