# SCP-6844
Item Number: SCP-6844
Rating: 33
Series: series-7
Tags: _licensebox, concept, ectoentropic, euclid, fire, location, scp, thermal

---

  

  * [_SCP-6844-D_](javascript:;)
  * [_SCP-6844_](javascript:;)

> As of March, 3rd of 2001 this document is deprecated.
**Item #:** SCP-6844
**Object Class:** Keter
**Special Containment Procedures:** All publicly accessible areas currently affected by SCP-6844 are to be closed under Cover Story 43.[1](javascript:;) Foundation web crawlers will continually monitor popular media outlets and social media websites for any mention of events surrounding SCP-6844. If discovered, these mentions are to be removed, with all exposed individuals being amnestized per standard protocol.
Due to SCP-6844's expanding growth, Foundation personnel have determined any containment procedures concerning the anomaly to be ineffective. Methods of future containment have become a top research priority.
**Description:** SCP-6844 is an anomalous phenomenon which only occurs within a circular[2](javascript:;) area of Felli, Greece in which combustion, and by extension heat transfer used for food preparation by humans is not possible. SCP-6844 manifests in the form of chemical combustion being impossible to be achieved, and any form of ignition device fails to start. Other forms of generating heat such as heaters, ovens, and hair straighteners continue to work until used for food preparation, in which they experience an inexplicable mechanical failure.
Distinct connections have been found between SCP-6844, and the Noosphere.[3](javascript:;) This relation further revealed that SCP-6844 was the result of unearthed archeological artifacts detailing a story of the fire given to mankind by Prometheus, which was later given back to Greek gods for the forgiveness of his crimes.
**Discovery:** SCP-6844 was discovered on June 12, 2000, in Felli when reports of inability to start fires surfaced. Subsequent interviews and investigations revealed that prior to SCP-6844 that several artifacts had been uncovered and translation revealed new findings of Greek mythology. Due to the nature of SCP-6844 and the size of Felli, it was determined that the most effective solution was to evacuate all inhabitants under Cover Story 32.[4](javascript:;)
* * *
**To:** Alexander Irvis  
**From:** Alexis Keevs  
**Subject:** SCP-6844 Containment
* * *
I want to preface this email with something that we both know. One, the current measures containing SCP-6844 are not practical by any means considering its constant growth and the fact that it is rapidly nearing a populated area. Take into consideration that Felli is part of the Grevena municipality and the last census put the population around 9,345. Evacuating 200 people, while possible, is impractical in the long term. Especially if we have to evacuate 9000 or more people. You can bullshit the explanation for this anomaly to some campers easily but you can't explain why Yannis Papadopoulos's oven constantly and inexplicably bricks every time they try to cook a steak.
From prior testing and what we found out during the discovery. SCP-6844 is related to the manifestation of a changed common understanding of mythology in Felli, which is possibly something related to Noosphere and human cognition and well…
From prior testing and what we found out during discovery, SCP-6844 is a noosphoric nucleation related to a manipulated understanding of Greek Mythology in Felli. This means is that this particular facet in the Noosphere used to be meta-stable and now it is rocketing down very fast to try to reach a stable point that makes it easy to manipulate.
Attached to this email is a project file, please take a look at it and tell me your thoughts.
[ATTACHMENT: HESTIA.PDF](javascript:;)
[hide](javascript:;)
# ACCESS GRANTED
# CLASSIFIED
## PROJECT PROPOSAL: HESTIA
|   
---|---  
Currently, the main theory behind SCP-6844 growth is that it is related to a concept within the Noosphere of how Prometheus eventually escaped and took fire back from Mankind. Most people would think this would be upfront and easily dealt with; just go in and take it back! But that is as practical as going into your ordinary picture book and stealing something from that character — Yes, I know about Pataphysics Division. But just try to get the metaphor.
Now, all of this is still real of course; it’s having huge influence over reality right now, and it was born from a story influencing a meta-stable facet of the Noosphere, and that is our ticket to fixing this. If a few fragments caused this shift, imagine what a concentrated effort by an organization with our resources could do.
Considering the factors at play here, I'm proposing that we manufacture numerous art pieces in the likeness of Ancient Greek art, detailing stories of how fire inherently belonged to mankind and was given to them by Hestia, and that the initial story of Prometheus giving fire to mankind was prompted by Zeus stealing fire from them.
We will disseminate these pieces around Greece, either as new discoveries or as pre-existing pieces in museums. This combined with amnestic and controlling the narrative through social media and popular new sites can effectively change the public perception of Greek mythology, and with further reinforcement can not only change this specific facet in the Noosphere but make it meta-stable.  
false
**Item #:** SCP-6844
**Object Class:** Euclid
**Special Containment Procedures:**
[Show Old Revision](javascript:;)
[Hide Old Revision](javascript:;)
All publicly accessible areas currently affected by SCP-6844 are to be closed under Cover Story 43.[5](javascript:;) Foundation web crawlers will continually monitor popular media outlets and social media websites for any mention of events surrounding SCP-6844. If discovered, these mentions are to be removed, with all exposed individuals being amnestized per standard protocol.
Due to SCP-6844's expanding growth, Foundation personnel have determined any containment procedures concerning the anomaly to be ineffective. Methods of future containment have become a top research priority.
Foundation webcrawlers will continually monitor popular media outlets and social media websites located within Greece for news of new archeological discoveries and are to be screened by Foundation personnel as soon as possible.
If it is discovered that the new archeological artifacts threaten the meta-stability of SCP-6844, they are to be destroyed and any involved civilians to be administered amnestic.
Furthermore, the current status of Greek mythology and its common perception must be routinely reinforced to prevent a noosphoric nucleation.
**Description:**
[Show Old Revision](javascript:;)
[Hide Old Revision](javascript:;)
SCP-6844 is an anomalous phenomenon which only occurs within a circular[6](javascript:;) area of Felli, Greece in which combustion, and by extension heat transfer used for food preparation by humans is not possible. SCP-6844 manifests in the form of chemical combustion being impossible to be achieved, and any form of ignition device fails to start. Other forms of generating heat such as heaters, ovens, and hair straighteners continue to work until used for food preparation, in which they experience an inexplicable mechanical failure.
Distinct connections have been found between SCP-6844, and the Noosphere.[7](javascript:;) This relation further revealed that SCP-6844 was the result of unearthed archeological artifacts detailing a story of the fire given to mankind by Prometheus, which was later given back to Greek gods for the forgiveness of his crimes.
SCP-6844 is a meta-stable facet within the Noosphere located within Greece. This particular facet deals with the concept of fire and cooking. Prior to Foundation involvement, this facet was not truly stable and could easily be influenced into a new stable state leading to the prior discovery by the Foundation.
Currently, SCP-6844 is meta-stable and this is reinforced by its containment procedures.
**Discovery:**
[Show Old Revision](javascript:;)
[Hide Old Revision](javascript:;)
SCP-6844 was discovered on June 12, 2000, in Felli when reports of inability to start fires surfaced. Subsequent interviews and investigations revealed that prior to SCP-6844 that several artifacts had been uncovered and translation revealed new findings of Greek Mythology. Due to the nature of SCP-6844 and the size of Felli, it was determined that the most effective solution was to evacuate all inhabitants under Cover Story 32.[8](javascript:;)
SCP-6844 was discovered on June 12, 2000, following the original manifestation of SCP-6844 within Felli when reports of the inability to start fires surfaced.
**Addendum:** Following the implementation of project 'Hestia', several manufactured artifacts were disseminated across Greece, and sent towards:
  * Historians, to decipher the artifacts and re-construct the myth;
  * New outlets, to spread the discovery of the artifacts and new myth;
  * Private collectors, to generate interest and demand in the new artifacts;
  * Museums, to replace old contradictory artifacts.

Following this along with efforts to influence social media and news sites, the new myth had entered the Noosphere and giving SCP-6844 a new meta-stable state. Following this, SCP-6844 was classified as "Euclid" to reflect its new containment protocols.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Hazardous Conditions
[2](javascript:;). Current estimations put their size at 1.05 kilometers and growing at 3 m2 per hour
[3](javascript:;). The realm of human thought, also known as the collective unconscious
[4](javascript:;). Emergency Evacuation
[5](javascript:;). Hazardous Conditions
[6](javascript:;). Current estimations put their size at 1.05 kilometers and growing at 3 m2 per hour
[7](javascript:;). The realm of human thought, also known as the collective unconscious
[8](javascript:;). Emergency Evacuation