# SCP-6290
Item Number: SCP-6290
Rating: 45
Series: series-7
Tags: _cc, _listpages, cadaver, clown, euclid, humanoid, medical, performance, sapient, scp, self-repairing, teleportation

---

Item#: 6290
Level2
Containment Class:
euclid
Secondary Class:
none
Disruption Class:
vlam
Risk Class:
notice
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:** At time of writing no effective procedure for the full containment of SCP-6290 has been devised. Due to its spontaneous nature and wide geographic spread, SCP-6290 has been designated a Class B information breach hazard. Accordingly, containment efforts focus on minimizing public knowledge of SCP-6290. SCP-6290's signature has been added to the standard Foundation media and Internet suppression algorithms. In addition, field agents embedded in most public health facilities across the continental United States have been given full discretion in handling SCP-6290 instances. Any civilian witnesses are to be administered Class B amnestics.
**Description:** SCP-6290 is the corpse of a Caucasian male, approximately 75 years old at time of death. SCP-6290 is in a state of advanced decomposition. SCP-6290 is dressed in a clown costume, comprising: Red hat, pink wig, white face paint, red foam latex nose, purple-and-yellow spotted shirt, multi-color plastic bead necklaces, white laboratory coat, bright-green trousers and novelty oversized shoes. Despite SCP-6290's state of decay, aforementioned clown costume remains in pristine condition.
SCP-6290 spontaneously materializes inside healthcare institutions within the continental United States. For SCP-6290 to materialize, the structure in question must house at least one patient aged 4 to 15 afflicted with a terminal illness or an otherwise life-threatening condition. SCP-6290 will materialize in the nearest space not under direct or indirect observation, often in toilet stalls, storage spaces and maintenance areas.
SCP-6290 will dematerialize anywhere from 20 minutes to 6 hours after appearance. After an additional 24 to 72 hours, SCP-6290 will rematerialize at a different suitable location. Attempts to remove SCP-6290 from the premises of the facility it current occupies result in early dematerialization. Objects placed within SCP-6290 fail to dematerialize along with it. Any damage inflicted on SCP-6290, save for natural wear and decay, will not persist following rematerialization.
You are viewing the most recent revision of this document. Click [here](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6290/offset/1) for previous containment procedures and description.