# SCP-6793
Item Number: SCP-6793
Rating: 74
Series: series-7
Tags: _cc, _licensebox, empathic, esoteric-class, extradimensional, extraterrestrial, hallucination, illustrated, immobile, intangible, k-class-scenario, knowledge, light, loop, mind-affecting, neurological, sapient, scp, uncontained

---

COGNITIVE SIGNATURE OF DESIGNATION SCP-6793 UNKNOWN. EXISTENCE OBSTRUCTED.
[Billith](javascript:;)
**_Folie à Deux_**  
Written by [Billith](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sr-researcher-james-a-harkness-personnel-file).
If you liked this article, you'll probably like:  
**[SCP-7396](/scp-7396)** | **[Billith's Proposal](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/billiths-proposal)** | **[SCP-5541](/scp-5541)** | **[SCP-2921](/scp-2921)**  
---|---|---|---  
ITEM# 6793
LEVEL:IV
SECRET
CONTAINMENT TYPE:
cernunnos
SECONDARY CLASS:
numen
DISRUPTION LEVEL:
dark
RISK LEVEL:
notice
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

Item#: {$item-number}
Level4
Containment Class:
{$container-class}
Secondary Class:
{$secondary-class}
Disruption Class:
{$disruption-class}
Risk Class:
{$risk-class}
[link to memo](/classification-committee-memo)  

  
  

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: Containment of SCP-6793 has not been deemed feasible. Inherent logistical and practical limitations involved hamper Foundation testing and research efforts.
Proposed containment strategies for SCP-6793 include:
  * Creating permanent overcast weather conditions, either through dynamic rendering of weather patterns over impacted regions or for the entirety of Earth itself

  * Building an artificial sky around the planet and assuming control of all flight operations on Earth

  * Building a Dyson sphere around the Sun and harvesting majority of Mercury for use in creating a containment area/separating panel large enough to obscure the view of SCP-6793 from Earth

  * Utilizing various possible strategies to increase light pollution in the solar system such that observing SCP-6793 is impossible

_Testing with SCP-6793 is no longer permitted. As of 10/23/2040, SCP-6793 is classified Cernunnos-Numen._[1](javascript:;)
  

DESCRIPTION: SCP-6793 is the designation for a one-dimensional tangent that runs at an oblique angle throughout the observable (and presumed entire) universe. This tangent, hypothesized to be an atypical [cosmic string](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmic_string), exists on an angle that briefly intercepts interplanetary space, on the far side of the asteroid belt. SCP-6793 is only visible due to its perceived brightness, although measurements taken imply the anomaly emits no photons, radiation, or energy/particles of any known type and thus lacks luminance altogether.
SCP-6793 is not tangible and cannot be "deactivated"; intersecting portions of the anomaly does not discretely extinguish it. This is presumed homogenous for the entirety of SCP-6793's length but has yet to be confirmed.
If a living creature's brain intersects with SCP-6793, varying sensory phenomena occurs. This is shown to be dependent on which part of the brain is receiving "stimuli", though experimentation has concluded that optimal results occur when SCP-6793 is intersecting a human subject's temporal and right parietal lobe simultaneously. The anomaly contains information that is conveyed via an unknown medium, despite no outward emission of detectable forces. Experimentation has revealed SCP-6793 is capable of causing atrophy and lesions in certain brain structures due to prolonged exposure and/or application to other parts of the brain, however, no maximum exposure duration or risk factors have been identified.
Occasionally, SCP-6793 will flicker and dim for a variable amount of time. The anomaly will then cease for roughly eight hours and thirty minutes, resuming shortly thereafter.
  
  

ADDENDUM 6793-1A: DISCOVERY
  

_In March of 2035, the Foundation's Astrophysical Anomalies Department proposed the construction of Research Contact Station TYCHO, a long-term observatory and rendezvous point orbiting the dwarf planet Ceres._
Inner solar system, including SCP-6793, Ceres, and RCS TYCHO. Image is not to scale. Click to enlarge.
✖
_RCS TYCHO's mission hierarchy was described as follows:_
I. Establish a stable, persistent point of contact within the asteroid belt, expanding the Foundation's reach, research, and response capabilities.
II. Investigate the composition of Ceres and surrounding minor bodies within the asteroid belt for resources, practicality of human habitation, and potential for extraterrestrial life.[2](javascript:;)
III. Construct an orbital tether[3](javascript:;) between RCS TYCHO and Ceres, should conditions allow for such.
_This proposal was approved on 03/28/2035 by a majority vote of the O5 Council, under advisement from the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA). On 06/02/2037, a preliminary base of operations was established in orbit of Ceres, where SCP-6793's existence came to light. The anomaly's nature was not known until the events of interaction with a small, unmanned probe containing a biomechanical artificially intelligent conscript, Ponyo.aic. A record of this interaction can be found below._  

  
  

ADDENDUM 6793-1B: INITIAL INTERACTION REPORT
  

`INTERVIEWER: Ponyo.aic`  
`INTERVIEWEE: SCP-6793`
* * *
`BEGIN LOG`
_Ponyo.aic approaches SCP-6793. Anomaly does not react. The probe opens lines of communication using various methodologies._
**PONYO.AIC:** [via shortwave radio] `HELLO?`
**PONYO.AIC:** [via pulses of light, communicated in binary] `CAN YOU SEE ME?`
**PONYO.AIC** [via micro-gravitational disturbances, communicated in Morse code] `RESPOND?`
_Nothing happens. After approximately one minute, the probe drifts closer to SCP-6793, partially intersecting the tangent._
**PONYO.AIC:** [unintelligible distortion]
_Connection with Ponyo.aic is severed. When comms are reestablished 735 ms later, the craft is initiating an emergency maneuver away from SCP-6793._
**PONYO.AIC:** [reporting] `OBSERVATION OF DESIGNATION SCP-6793 RESTRICTED? UNKNOWN. VIEW OBSTRUCTED.`
**PONYO.AIC:** [reporting] `DESIGNATION SCP-6793 OF UNKNOWN COMPOSITION. SENSORS OBSTRUCTED.`
**PONYO.AIC:** [reporting] `COGNITIVE SIGNATURE OF DESIGNATION SCP-6793 UNKNOWN. EXISTENCE OBSTRUCTED.`
_Probe's internal systems malfunction and subsequently cease all activity._
`END LOG`
  
  

ADDENDUM 6793-2: EXPERIENTIAL DATA
  

_Following Addendum 6793-1B, RCS TYCHO Operations Staff requested three D-Class Personnel for testing purposes. While the request was being fulfilled, onsite personnel utilized lab mice grown from cryogenically-frozen embryos to gain insight into SCP-6793's effects on biological organisms. Tests were carried out using a self-stabilizing research shuttle launched from RCS TYCHO._
TEST # | SUBJECT | RESULT  
---|---|---  
`6793-A` | One lab mouse (_Mus musculus_) | Distress. Alterations to consciousness.  
**NOTES:** _One minute exposure. Subject's blood contained elevated levels of corticosterone and was unsteady for several hours following test._  
`6793-B` | One lab mouse (_Mus musculus_) | Distress. Alterations to consciousness. Reduced awareness.  
**NOTES:** _One minute exposure. Similar elevations of corticosterone and motor impairment observed. Subject expressed difficulty completing simple maze after test._  
`6793-C` | One lab mouse (_Mus musculus_), subdermal cranial implant with RFID-enabled data transfer. | Distress. Cessation of brain activity.  
**NOTES:** _Thirty seconds exposure. Cause of death unknown, possibly as a result of implant. Visual sensory data interpolated from subject shows swirling colors and bright flashes; more testing is required._  
`6793-F` | One D-Class Personnel (D-0129) | Panic. Alterations to consciousness. Aphasia.[4](javascript:;)  
**NOTES:** _One minute exposure. D-0129 could not speak for ~90 minutes following test, expressed discomfort and nausea. Subject described color and bright lights. Noted a profound sense of multiplicity, overwhelming confusion, and claimed to have temporarily lost the ability to recall long-term memories._  
`6793-G` | One D-Class Personnel (D-0129) | Awe. Alterations to consciousness. Aphasia. Agnosia.[5](javascript:;)  
**NOTES:** _Five minutes exposure. D-0129 could not speak for several hours following test, struggled to acknowledge questioner, becoming distracted by immersive visual phenomena. Described sense of heightened awareness upon restoration of speech functions, although the inverse was observed. Subject could not describe hallucinatory phenomena; retrofitted with a subdermal cranial implant capable of RFID-enabled data transfer._  
`6793-H` | One D-Class Personnel (D-0129), subdermal cranial implant with RFID-enabled data transfer. | Awe. Distress. Alterations to consciousness. Agnosia. Focal to bilateral tonic-clonic seizure.  
**NOTES:** _Thirty seconds exposure. D-0129's eyes were observed glancing about room but did not acknowledge testing personnel. Subject lapsed into convulsions shortly into test and did not recover. Effects otherwise similar to 6793-G. Transferred data conveys imagery of celestial bodies condensing and rotating. Heavy static distorts the visual feed._  
`6793-L` | One D-Class Personnel (D-5863) | Panic. Distress. Alterations to consciousness. Aphasia. Agnosia. Cotard's delusion.[6](javascript:;)  
**NOTES:** _Ten minutes exposure. Subject could not speak for over twelve hours, failing to react to external stimuli during this period. D-5863 vehemently rejected his own existence when able to communicate. Effect persisted for a week. Subject refused to elaborate on nature of visions but displayed symptoms of PTSD and anthropophobia; retrofitted with subdermal cranial implant._  
`6793-M` | One D-Class Personnel (D-5863), subdermal cranial implant with RFID-enabled data transfer. | Panic. Alterations to consciousness. Extreme fear. Lasting aversion to biological life.  
**NOTES:** _Ten seconds exposure. Subject experienced epistaxis but remained conscious and capable of testing. Visual feed distorted, depicted rapid planetary colonization. Organisms observed achieving full control over their host star and beginning interstellar colonization towards their galactic center. More advanced and/or distant colonies begin construction of propulsive megastructures._  
`6793-N` | One D-Class Personnel (D-5863), subdermal cranial implant with RFID-enabled data transfer. | Panic. Alterations to consciousness. Extreme fear. Sense of dread, impending doom. Syncope.  
**NOTES:** _Fifteen seconds exposure. Subject became distressed and fearful of RCS TYCHO personnel. Refused to cooperate with interviewer and required frequent sedation. Visual feed distorted similarly to previous tests, depicted technologically-assisted CK-Class Reality Restructuring Event of unknown magnitude, the locus of which being the supermassive black hole within their respective galactic center. Organisms seen coalescing._  
`6793-U` | One D-Class Personnel (D-5863), subdermal cranial implant with RFID-enabled data transfer. | Pain. Panic. Alterations to consciousness. Impending doom. Cessation of brain activity.  
**NOTES:** _Ten seconds exposure. Subject screamed and thrashed violently for duration of test, expired shortly afterwards. Vocalizations suggested violent assault of unknown nature. Cause of death determined to be cerebral hemorrhage._  
`6793-V` | One D-Class Personnel (D-6731) | Extreme pain. Panic. Alterations to consciousness. Syncope.  
**NOTES:** _Subject behaved in a manner similar to previous test, which was aborted after five seconds of exposure as SCP-6793 began to flicker and dim. Anomaly ceased twenty seconds later and did not resume for eight hours and thirty-three minutes. Described visual phenomena as_ `[REMOVED]`.  
`6793-W` | One D-Class Personnel (D-6731) | Distress. Alterations to consciousness. Nausea.  
**NOTES:** _Two minutes exposure. Subject disoriented, described bursts of color and bright lights. Noted a profound sense of multiplicity that faded rapidly, overwhelming confusion and an accompanying paresthesia akin to many sensations at once. Subject monitored for long term detrimental impacts, none were found. Experimentation halted as per request of ETTRA memorandum while the O5 Council was provided findings and consulted for best course of action._  
  
  
_Subsequent test results have deviated little from this lifecycle. Due to possible disadvantageous effects stemming from theological awareness of SCP-6793's nature, testing has been suspended indefinitely. SCP-6793 reclassified with sub-designation Numen. All research into novel transcendent eigentechnology following Addendum 6793-2 should be deemed coincidental and irrelevant to the nature of the anomaly._  

  

* * *
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Containment of anomaly pertaining to a demiurge is possible, albeit logistically difficult to the point of being impractical.
[2](javascript:;). Ceres is the largest source of water in the inner solar system other than Earth. Radioactive isotopes and distance from Sol make the body a possible home to microbial life.
[3](javascript:;). Comprised of interlocking carbon nanowire bundles.
[4](javascript:;). Inability to understand written/spoken language.
[5](javascript:;). Inability to recognize external stimuli.
[6](javascript:;). Denial of self-existence.
`END OF FILE`
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Billith's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-7549](/scp-7549) • [SCP-8570](/scp-8570) • [SCP-7912](/scp-7912) • [SCP-6768](/scp-6768) • [SCP-7646](/scp-7646) • [SCP-4888](/scp-4888) • [SCP-3545](/scp-3545) • [SCP-3330](/scp-3330) • [SCP-6549](/scp-6549) • [SCP-1822](/scp-1822) • [SCP-7396](/scp-7396) • [SCP-8190](/scp-8190) • [SCP-8808](/scp-8808) • [SCP-6183](/scp-6183) • [SCP-2719-J](/scp-2719-j) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [OPEN THE GATE](/open-the-gate) • [On The Nature Of Conscious Experience or How I Learned to Love Myself](/on-the-nature-of-conscious-experience) • [SPIRAL THE DRAIN](/spiral-the-drain) • [Redact Your Life](/redact-your-life) • [A Place To Call Your Home](/a-place-to-call-your-home) • [THE LAST OASIS - POWERED BY HEXAGON os](/the-last-oasis) • [Narrativistics and You: Abandoning the Notion of Fiction vs. Non-Fiction](/narrativistics-and-you) • [Holes](/holes) • [A Recording of Prometheus Innovations' Pitch for the Scranton Encabulator Mk VI, and the Ramifications of its Existence](/scranton-encabulator) • [OPULENCE](/opulence) • [Your Future is Bright](/your-future-is-bright) •  
Other |  [Sr. Researcher James A. Harkness' Personnel File](/sr-researcher-james-a-harkness-personnel-file) •