# SCP-8175
Item Number: SCP-8175
Rating: -10
Series: series-9
Tags: document, dystopian, indestructible, safe, scp, teleportation

---

MORE INFO IS UNGIVED.
**NUMBER: SCP-8175**
**TYPE: SAFE**
**CONPROCS:** TO BE KEPT IN LEVEL 22, LOCKER 499. GUARDS UNDER AGE 20; UNREADFUL IN OLDSPEAK. WHEN ORDERED, WILL BE MOVED FOR INGSOC ACTS WITH 5 GUARDS. WILL BE GIVEN RANDOMWISE TO ONE: FOUR WILL BE GIVEN FALSE SCP-8175. PARTINNERS ALLOWED HOLDING OF SCP-8175 FOR UNTELLFUL USING.
**DESCRIP:** SCP-8175 IS A BLACK BOOK. EDGES GOLD. SIZE NUMBER: 7IN, 2IN, 5IN. WEIGHT NUMBER: 4LB.
ENTITLED OLDSPEAK: _The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism, by Emmanuel Goldstein_. UNCHANGEFUL TO NEWSPEAK.[1](javascript:;)
RECORDED MOVEING DOUBLEPLUSSPEEDFUL TO CRIMETHINKERS AND SHOWING INVISIBLEFUL TO ALL PARTY WORKERS. INGSOC UNKNOWEDING THIS PROPERTY ANTE-INCIDENT-8175-1.
SHOWED UNBREAKFUL BY SAFEDEP. PRESUMED UNLONE. CRIMETHINK INSIDE.
MORE INFO IS UNGIVED.
**ADDINGS:**
[\+ ADDING 1: L3 SECHECK](javascript:;)
[\- FINDED TRUE](javascript:;)
ADDING 1:
NUMBER | ACT | EFFECT  
---|---|---  
1 | OBJECT FLAMED. FLAMED FIVE MINS. | LITTLE CHAR AT EDGES OF OBJECT. NO DAMAGE TO INTERIOR. EDGES SHOW GOLD.  
2 | CRIMETEXT OVERPENCILLED IN GOODTHINKFUL TEXT. CRIMETHINKER NOTES KILLED. | GOODTHINKFUL TEXT UNPENCILLED.[2](javascript:;)CRIMETHINKER NOTES RETURNED.  
3 | OBJECT KNIVED INTO SMALL PARTS. | OBJECT SCREAMS. VOLUME 120DB. TEST REPEATED; SAMEFUL EFFECT.  
4 | OBJECT DROWNED. | CRIMETEXT OVERPENCILLED WATER AND MARKS. NOW UNWILLWISE OPENS.  
5 | OBJECT'S PAGES RIPPED. | OBJECT STAYED UNANOMALOUS TIL MOVED OUT OF CELL. WHEN MOVED, OBJECT RAINED DUST FROM PAGES. PAGES RETURN OVER 1DAY.  
6 | OBJECT MOVED FAR. CRIMETHINKER D-CLASS ACROSS DITCH. CRIMETHINKER LEFT LONE. | AFTER 2 HRS, SCP-8175 FLYS 30MPH TO D-CLASS; D-CLASS IN SURPRISE. UNHURT.  
[\+ ADDING 2: L5 SEGCHECK](javascript:;)
[\- Welcome, O5-10.](javascript:;)
Addendum 2:
Attached below is a list of annotations found within SCP-8175. These annotations range from mundane commentary on the social, political, and economic observations posited within SCP-8175 and blasphemous speech against English Socialism and its chief figurehead. Given their immutability — a property shared by both it and SCP-8175 — it has tentatively been classified SCP-8175-2.
Page | Note  
---|---  
001 | It's been forever since I got a copy of this holy shit. This is great! I just hope it's a real one… but you shouldn't think about that much.  
001 | hello other guy are you there  
002 | fuck these thinkpol fucks fuck man  
002 | yeah, fight the power and shit. i'm sure it's POSSIBLE.  
003 | I have to say, I disagree with a lot of his points here. I might quit this one.  
005 | Nolan Smith, 5575 Belmont Lane. If you're reading this book, I want to meet you.  
006 | what unbelivable dumbassery to put yourself in danger like this and for what  
039 | I must say, despite the danger of holding onto anything _more_ , God this is a great book. I keep it hidden on top of my kitchen cabinets, and somehow, no one have looked up there _at all_ , much less the patrols! I would like to see how long I can hold out as the owner of this very important book.  
044 | You all, I don't think I can hold out long. They're looking into my family now, and they've seen that we weren't really pure blood after all. Fuck whatever the Party says, you know they never went into this to see the end of death or whatever the fuck it was ALL a giant fantasy. I want to die and I think they'll grant me that wish, at least.  
093 | mom likes this book a lot  
102 | BOOOO LOOOOOKKK  
105 | The concept of "infinite war" becoming a method of peace always interested me as a solution to war. I thought said infinite war would be in sports rather than being a farce like ours is, but I suppose it's all good!  
106 | I never knew the thought police lived among us proles… Fuck.  
109 | WOW!  
114 | Finally the end of chapter 2 is here. IT was a weird decision to go 3-1 but whatever.  
125 | please i hope they didn't do anything to 044 he sounds like a good friend he shouldn't be dead because he is a good person and this world should have been for good people  
126 | no matter what you do they always say they save you no fuck them down with big brother let them shoot me i don't care down with big brother i hate him I HATE HIM i will never love big brother.  
133 | BROTher please… — like you know what I mean…  
137 | fuck PLEASE I don't care IF they TAKE ME but I WANT them to leave behind THIS. THIS is the MOST important thing in the WORLD.  
142 | How many people have had this before me? I think for me it's… 30, something like that. 06/25/1982  
148 | Hey… whoever's out there, I love you.  
150 | I love you too.  
151 | I wonder if there's a sequel. Not like I'd know.  
Further SCP-8175-2 instances will be added to this list as they are found, though it is assumed that all instances of SCP-8175-2 have been cataloged alongside their respective authors.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). L3 FOUND: COPYS FROM MINILUV SAMEFUL TO SCP-8175.
[2](javascript:;). RESULT:  
OBJECT PENCILS: 
_I shall have to sing to myself now, won't I? I thought I could be out there just a little longer. I don't fucking know why you all do this. All of this. There's no reason to._
_I fucking hate you._
FOR 30 MINS.