# SCP-8724
Item Number: SCP-8724
Rating: 70
Series: series-9
Tags: _listpages, building, extradimensional, meta, neutralized, phobia-anthology, religious, scp, spatial, transmission

---

* * *
**Item #:** SCP-8724  **Object Class:** Pending
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures**
* * *
The area surrounding SCP-8724 has been cordoned off, and a preventative perimeter has been placed around the site. Following the initial exploration of SCP-8724, personnel are forbidden from entering the premises. RAISA is to regularly check Foundation employee records for any individual with the name ▓▓▓ ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓.
* * *
**Description**
* * *
SCP-8724 is an abandoned building in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua. The structure is composed of a single floor of residential space, with no evident anomalous characteristics from the exterior. SCP-8724's main anomalous effect is its ability to manifest a weak electrical field around the structure, which interferes with electronic devices and causes abnormalities in recording equipment.
No other anomalous phenomena are present within SCP-8724.
* * *
**Discovery**
* * *
SCP-8724's existence was first made known to the Foundation after a routine check of SCP-▓▓▓▓ revealed a series of messages left by ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ **7** prior to the conclusion of their assignment. Despite the presence of multiple aberrations in tone and style when compared to official Foundation documentation for unclassified anomalies, the matter was deemed important enough to warrant an investigation into 12 of the ▓▓ anomalies described within the recovered information. To this end, Specialized Task Force Chicot-1 was established as a series of semi-independent agents operating simultaneously on identifying these anomalies.
On May 7th, 2024, Agent Sarah Howards, operating under said Specialized Task Force, would first report encountering SCP-8724.[1](javascript:;)
A detachment of Foundation employees arrived within the hour and established a provisional perimeter around SCP-8724. Despite the fact that the anomaly had not been cleared yet, and the fact that human exploration is heavily discouraged as a point of first contact, Agent Howards would break through the perimeter and enter SCP-8724 with no equipment. The reasoning behind this is unknown.
Following protocol, an unmanned drone was sent in after Agent Howards, with the goal of assessing the situation. However, Agent Howards was not located within the structure. Instead, the unmanned drone recorded a full exploration of SCP-8724. A transcript of the unmanned drone's footage is attached below.
* * *
**Addendum-8724-A**  
_Exploration Records 02/06/2024._
* * *
**Video Log - 07/05/2024**
* * *
**RECORDING START**
* * *
_The drone comes online a few feet from the entrance to SCP-8724. An electric hum envelops the recording._
_The door is opened. For a second, a hand is in frame. As the door opens, some struggle can be seen on the part of the operator, as the door screeches against the flooring. After a brief struggle, the door is open. The light outside spills onto the interior of the building._
_The drone is cleared to enter SCP-8724._
_The interior of SCP-8724 is well-illuminated under fluorescent lighting. The room immediately adjacent to the entrance is completely empty, with no identifiable marks of prior furnishings. The blue carpet flooring is worn and lightly coated in dust; no footprints are visible on the carpet._
_The vestibule is a small portion of the building, and leads to two separate rooms. Both doors are open, although no sign of Agent Howards can be found. The drone records footage of its surroundings in the vestibule, and heads towards the rightmost room._
_At the edge of the vestibule, the light cuts off. The room ahead is submerged in the dark._
_The drone activates a small flashlight above the camera. It shines on the room, only to find that the beam of light stops exactly at the threshold of the room._
_A small beep can be heard as the drone switches to a light-amplification camera. The picture briefly flashes white._
_The room remains dark. The drone enters the room regardless, although the flashlight is switched back on and the camera returns to its regular mode._
_Within, the flashlight stops working completely. The doorway behind the drone remains a singular panel of light, which fails to illuminate the interior of the room and serves only as a reference point for the drone to exit._
_Finding no way to make out any detail concerning this room, the drone is recalled. As it moves toward the doorway, it bumps into an object that topples over and falls on the ground. The sound of a lightbulb breaking can be heard as what was a lamp hits the floor._
_The drone returns to the vestibule to find that it has been altered significantly in the time it took for the drone to explore the other room. It's now fully furnished, with a number of plants and light fixtures providing some decoration. As the drone moves towards the plants, it can be seen that all furniture in the room is covered in as thick a layer of dust as everything was when the exploration of SCP-8724 started. The furniture has remained there, untouched, for some time._
_As the drone is piloted towards the plants, a loud thud causes the operator to turn the drone around towards the doors. There, the leftmost door has been abruptly closed. The sound of a lock turning can be made out._
_The drone approaches the door, using an arm attachment to manipulate the door handle. However, it does not open._
_Suddenly, the door abruptly opens outwards, striking the drone and causing it to lose stability._
_It is picked up by an unknown assailant, and dragged within the room. Once inside, the feed abruptly cuts out._
* * *
[RECORDING END](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8724/offset/1)
* * *
* * *
**Additional Notes:** Following the sudden end of transmission by the unmanned drone, a flash of light was observed from the outside of SCP-8724. This prompted Foundation operatives to enter SCP-8724, however, no abnormalities could be found within the building. The drone itself was found in an unfurnished room, powered down.
Subsequent exploration of SCP-8724 uncovered a pool of blood belonging to no known individual in the Foundation's database, a pocket knife, and an inoperable audio recorder.
No trace of Agent Sarah Howards could be identified within.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Of note is that Agent Howards had checked in with the Foundation from Sweden hours prior to this. Tracking data is unavailable for Agent Howards on May 7th, 2024.
[Onuxophobia](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8480)
[Anthology 2024](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-anthology-2024)
[Eisoptrophobia](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8465)