# SCP-6569
Item Number: SCP-6569
Rating: 24
Series: series-7
Tags: _licensebox, alex-thorley, coldpostcon, esoteric-class, humanoid, sapient, scp, unreality-dept

---

**Surveillance Log Collection #6569**  
(Jan)
Subject: Alex Thorley
Gender: N/A
Affiliation: Unknown
Talents: Unknown
Risk: N/A
See "Investigation Liquid White" for background information on subject.  
‎
* * *
**Log 1**  
Jan 1, [Site-37](/scp-7795)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Thorley is in their office at their empty desk. They are making a typing motion with their hands._
_A knock is heard at the door._
_Thorley walks over and answers the door._
_The door opens, revealing Thorley carrying a box of objects._
**Thorley:** Hello?
**Thorley:** Hello!
_Silence is recorded._
**Thorley:** Can I help you?
**Thorley:** I'm Alex Thorley and this is my office.
**Thorley:** Oh, that's funny, _I'm_ Alex Thorley and this is _my_ office!
_Thorley laughs._
_Thorely laughs._
**Thorley:** Nice to meet you.
**«END LOG»**
**Log 2**  
Jan 10, [Site-55](/wonder-world-dossier)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Thorley is at their desk, working._
_Thorley is sitting on their futon playing with[SCP-7195](/scp-7195)._
_Thorley enters, carrying a paper bag, and walks across the room, petting SCP-7195 as they pass, until they reach their desk._
_Thorley hands Thorley the paper bag, who opens the bag to reveal a[bagel](/bagel) [burger](/burger)._
_Thorley excitedly kisses Thorley. Thorley looks away._
_Thorley takes a bite of the bagel burger._
**«END LOG»**
**Log 3**  
Jan 17, [Site-247](/dab-orientation)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Thorley is in the kitchen washing dishes. Meanwhile, in the living room, Thorley is sitting on Thorley, who is sitting on their futon, watching Goncharov on their TV. Thorley is lying down next to them with their eyes closed._
**Goncharov:** "And one for the table!"
_Thorley cheers. Thorley blows a raspberry on the back of their neck. Thorley giggles. Next to them, Thorley rolls over._
_Thorley finishes washing the dishes and enters the living room._
_Thorley notices Thorley sleeping and notifies Thorley and Thorley by indicating Thorley and making a shushing motion._
_Thorley lowers the television volume._
_Thorley grimaces, seeming to be experiencing a nightmare._
**Thorley:** _mumbling_ No more… no more bagels… no…
_Thorley begins running their fingers through Thorley's hair._
_Thorley's expression softens. They move closer to Thorley, rubbing their face against them and making a soft exhale noise before becoming stationary again._
_Thorley quietly giggles. Thorley covers their mouth. Thorley walks over with a blanket and drapes it over Thorley, before sitting down in front of the futon to watch Goncharov. Thorley tussles their hair._
**«END LOG»**
**Log 4**  
Jan 24, [Site-43](/on-guard-43-hub)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Thorley exits their bathroom wearing only a white towel._
_As they enter their bedroom they see Thorley struggling to remove their bra._
_Thorley seems embarrassed and tries to exit stealthily, knocking into a dresser._
_Thorley turns around in the middle of undressing and sees Thorley. Thorley's face turns beet red._
**Thorley:** I'm so sorry! I thought this was my room! I'll uh, I'll leave.
**Thorley:** No, no it's okay! I get confused all the time! For all I know this might be your room, because…
**Thorley and Thorley in unison:** Because they all look alike.
_Thorley nods._
**Thorley:** Because they're the same room.
_Thorley nods_
**Thorley:** Yep.
**Thorley:** Yep .
**Thorley:** I wonder why that is.
**Thorley:** I dunno.
_Thorley silently stares at Thorley._
_Thorley silently stares back._
**Thorley:** So, uh. What do we do here?
_Thorley shrugs_
**Thorley:** I dunno. I guess we could… share the bed?
_Thorley grimaces and adjusts their towel._
**Thorley:** Or I could sleep on the couch that's fine too!
_Thorley grabs Thorley's hand. Both hands are clammy._
**Thorley:** No, no, you're right, we should just split the bed. It'll be fine, haha!
**Thorley:** Oh good, because there's only the one couch.
**Thorley:** Yeah, except for the other one.
**Thorley:** Yeah.
_Thorley begins to rummage in the closet for an outfit to change in to. Thorley continues to struggle with their bra. They turn back towards Thorley_
**Thorley:** Hey. Um. This is embarrassing, but would you, uh, mind unhooking me?
_Thorley turns around wearing a pikachu onesie, and looks shocked_
**Thorley:** Um..
**Thorley:** It's nothing you haven't seen before!
**Thorley:** I guess? I. Just… turn around.
_Thorley turns around. Thorley begins to undo the[bra strap](/scp-6416)_
_The bra falls away._
_Thorley turns around to reveal nothing._
**Thorley:** I sleep naked.
_Silence is heard on the recording._
**Thorley:** Oh. I'm not sure what I sleep in or if I even sleep but this is all that was in the closet.
**Thorley:** It looks good on you.
**Thorley:** Thank you.
_Thorley approaches._
**Thorley:** No, thank _you_ for your help.
**Thorley:** With [disposing of the body](/scp-7591)?
**Thorley:** N— Oh was that you??
**Thorley:** _nodding_ I was the body, yeah.
_Thorley makes an O face._
**Thorley:** That makes sense!
**Thorley:** Right?
_Thorley nods._
_Thorley nods._
_Thorley suddenly kisses Thorley on the mouth._
_Thorley jerks back._
**Thorley:** Wha—
_Thorley seems embarassed._
**Thorley:** Oh. I'm sorry… I thought we were having a moment…
**Thorley:** No, no, I was having a moment. I just wasn't expecting that.
**Thorley:** Well, [when at Site-43](/7-beyond-repair).
**Thorley:** Ohhhhh, _Canada_.
_Thorley kisses Thorley passionately._
_They fall into the bed._
**Thorley:** _whispering_ Keep the onesie on.
**«END LOG»**
**Log 5**  
Jan 30, [Site-91](/hecatoncheires-cycle-hub)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Hands fill the room, grasping, groping, grabbing, reaching nothing._
_The body of Alex Thorley writhes in the center of the office._
_Television static appears on the recording._
**«END LOG»**
**Log 0**  
Jan 0th, [Site-00](/unreality-hub)
**TRANSCRIPT**
* * *
**«BEGIN LOG»**
_Alex Thorley sits on their futon alone in their office_
**Thorley:** Hey.
_Television static appears on the recording._
**Thorley:** Stop. I-I'm sorry, I can't do this.
_Silence is heard on the recording._
**Thorley:** This. Us.
_Silence is heard on the recording._
**Thorley:** Yeah.
_Silence._
**Thorley:** No. I've been talking to Dr.
_**Silence.**_
**Thorley:** _**No.**_ Not like that. About our relationship. About me.
_**Silence**_
**Thorley:** Will you _listen_? Please?
_A cat meows in the background. Assumed to be SCP-7195._
**Thorley:** Thank you. I'm sorry. This isn't… this isn't how I wanted this to go. I tried. I did. But I just… couldn't do it. I know it sounds selfish I just….
_Silence._
**Thorley:** I love you.
**Thorley:** But I feel like I don't know myself anymore.
**Thorley:** It's not you, it's me.
**«END LOG»**