# SCP-7573
Item Number: SCP-7573
Rating: 108
Series: series-8
Tags: _licensebox, coldpostcon, document, ectoentropic, euclid, hostile, sapient, scp

---

I ought to suffocate you, you little prick.
#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
  
The following anomaly last manifested on May 8th, 1979. Though the anomaly is considered neither neutralized nor explained, it has been deemed inactive. This will soon be filed under SCP-7573-ARC, where it will be kept available for further research.  

— Alexis Rose, Digitization Department Lead
  
  

SCP-7573
**Item #:** SCP-7573
**Object Class:** Euclid
**Special Containment Procedures:** [Site-55](/secure-facility-dossier-site-55) personnel are advised not to open any unmarked mail received from the Site's mailroom, with the exception of Researcher Arthur, the current SCP-7573 research lead.
**Description:** SCP-7573 is a series of letters manifesting within the Site-55 mailroom. Instances are always addressed to a member of staff with no return address. The contents of SCP-7573 will typically contain threats of physical violence against the addressee. When opened by the addressee, additional SCP-7573 instances will begin to manifest within their mailbox. If not opened, SCP-7573 manifestations cease after approximately four to five days, at which point the anomaly will target a new subject. An SCP-7573 instance opened by anyone other than the addressee will spontaneously combust, effectively destroying the message within.
**Addendum 7573.01:** Research Log
Researcher Arthur was instructed to keep opening any received SCP-7573 instances. At the time of writing, he is the only remaining SCP-7573 target. Attached is an abridged log of received SCP-7573 instances recreated by Researcher Arthur.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 1
> **Message:** I'm going to kick your ass, you fuckin poindexter.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 5
> **Message:** I hope you fall down a well and get stuck down there, crying 'Wah, I'm stuck in a well, someone help me!' But no one ever comes.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 14
> **Message:** I ought to suffocate you, you little prick.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 35
> **Message:** ███████████ , ███████████[1](javascript:;)
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 52
> **Message:** I'm actually running out of threats here, but you know, I'm starting to think you like this, you little weirdo. Do you like this, Arthur? Do you like it when I threaten you? Does that get your pathetic little rocks off?
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 65
> **Message:** I'm surprised you've made it this far. Most people give up after the first three days.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 77
> **Message:** Hey, just so you know, I was only joking before. About all that stuff with the threats and whatnot. Are we cool? Just open the next letter if we're cool.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 78
> **Message:** Okay, good. Phew. I'm glad we're cool.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 89
> **Message:** I guess what I'm trying to say is; I'm just so flattered somebody would stick it out despite me being such a dick. You're more patient than anyone I've ever known. Sorry for being so cruel to you. You didn't deserve that.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 97
> **Message:** N/A
> **Note:** The SCP-7573 instance contained a single rose. It is unknown how the envelope was able to store the rose, as the object was significantly larger than its container and showed no signs of exterior distortion.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 105
> **Message:** You're the only person I can really talk to without fearing you'll abandon me. I know I acted very mean in the beginning but I guess I was just defending myself from being hurt again. I'm sure you know how it feels to talk to someone only to have them ditch you. I'm sorry about that.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 113
> **Message:** Wanna hear something sad? You're probably the only friend I've ever had. How pathetic is that? But you wouldn't laugh at me over that, I know you wouldn't. You're a good friend, Arthur.
> **SCP-7573 Manifestation #:** 120
> **Message:** I'm glad we're friends. I'm glad I have you, Arthur. Thanks for listening to me.
Due to the advent of email in 1978, snail mail fell out of favor as a means of intra-Site communications for the Foundation. For this reason, the Site-55 mailroom was demolished to make way for new SCiPNet servers. SCP-7573's final manifestation occurred on May 8th, 1979, one week prior to the demolition of the mailroom.
Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Exact coordinates of Researcher Arthur's home redacted for privacy.
  
  
  
  
  

  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Uncle Nicolini's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-4176](/scp-4176) • [SCP-020-J](/scp-020-j) • [SCP-1712](/scp-1712) • [SCP-3297](/scp-3297) • [SCP-3803](/scp-3803) • [SCP-4003](/scp-4003) • [SCP-7728](/scp-7728) • [SCP-8400](/scp-8400) • [SCP-MYSTERY-J](/scp-mystery-j) • [SCP-2910-JP](/scp-2910-jp) • [SCP-7725](/scp-7725) • [SCP-6467](/scp-6467) • [SCP-2912-JP](/scp-2912-jp) • [SCP-ES-227](/scp-es-227) • [SCP-654](/scp-654) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [Parawatch Intro Thread](/parawatch-intro-thread) • [I Don't Get It, But I'll Figure It Out.](/coming-out-to-the-woods) • [Merry Christmas, Jude Kriyot](/merry-christmas-jude-kriyot) • [Two Coffins](/two-coffins) • [A Tale Of Petty Revenge](/a-tale-about-petty-revenge) • [Dark Sushi File No. 1221 "Waniika Nigiri"](/dark-sushi-file-no-1221) • [The Containment Of Arsène Lupin](/the-containment-of-arsene-lupin) • [Robin](/robin) • [Masquerade's End](/piercing-the-veil) • [SPC-446](/spc-446) • [Critter Profile: Sandra And George!](/critter-profile-sandra-and-george) • [Clef Goes To The DMV](/clef-goes-to-the-dmv) • [Manhattan Dimensional Collapse; GOC Intervention Imminent?](/koigarezaki-news-911-1998-ver) • [Just Another Day](/just-another-day) • [Gluttony Is Impossible](/gluttony-is-impossible) •  
Other |  [Ode To The Unknown Author](/ode-to-the-unknown-author) • [Sciptember 2022 Art Highlights](/sciptember-2022-art) • [uncle nicolini author page](/uncle-nicolini-author-page) •