# SCP-5149
Item Number: SCP-5149
Rating: 463
Series: series-6
Tags: _licensebox, _meets-the-eye, extraterrestrial, jam-con2020, keter, language, scp, transmission

---

A [ROUNDERHOUSE](https://twitter.com/rounderhouse) Joint
Coming Soon - Rounderhouse
* * *
[▸ More by this Author ◂](http://www.scp-wiki.net/rounderhouse-s-author-page)
* * *
{$comments2}
[F.A.Q.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers)
{$doesthisfixthebug}
4/5149 LEVEL 4/5149
CLASSIFIED
Item #: SCP-5149
Keter
* * *
**Special Containment Procedures:** Efforts to trace the source of SCP-5149 are ongoing.
**Description:** SCP-5149 is a radio signal of unknown origin being received by Lunar Site-34 every 24 hours. Attempts to locate the source of SCP-5149 have been inconclusive, though it has been ascertained that the signal is coming from outside the Solar System.
SCP-5149 consists of a short repeating message in UTF-8. The message is constructed of a series of forty-four dots laid out in a complex position pattern, interspersed with empty space in certain locations. Due to the extrasolar nature of SCP-5149's origin, this is believed to be an extraterrestrial communication or language system. At the moment, decryption of SCP-5149 is considered a Class-A priority; a team of cryptographers, linguists, and radio technicians are stationed at Lunar Site-34 for this purpose.
**Attempt Log:**
Attempt # | Date | Comment | Output  
---|---|---|---  
1 | 1.30.14 | Ran it through all modern language translation systems for similarities. A formality. | **Translation Failed.**  
2 | 2.03.14 | Ran it against dot-based ancient languages — no distinct similarities. | **Translation Failed.**  
3 | 2.07.14 | Ran a new task on the analysis computers — attempting to discern the complexity of a dot-based language. | **Translation Failed.**  
[145 lines ommitted ]  
149 | 5.29.14 | New analysis computers arrived, broke them in by trying to simulate all possible divisions of the message. | **Translation Failed.**  
150 | 6.30.14 | Manipulated base through flips, rotations, reflections, and several stretches and compressions before putting it through previous suite of analyses. | **Translation Failed.**  
[96 lines ommitted ]  
247 | 10.01.14 | Not message at all? Maybe art? Compare for logical consistencies or repetitions of symbols to confirm if even language. | **Translation Failed.**  
248 | 10.13.14 | Connect the dots? Worth a try. | **Translation Failed.**  
249 | 10.20.14 | Greenhorn suggested we run it through nonverbal languages screener — poor guy thinks it'll really be that easy. | **Translation Success!**  
Within .5 seconds of the scanning, screener had produced an English translation of SCP-5149. It was realized that no individual on the project had recognized the transmission as a form of Braille.  
  

[DECRYPTED COPY OF SCP-5149](javascript:;)
[– hide block](javascript:;)
> HELP I CAN'T FUCKING SEE
Investigation into the source of SCP-5149 is ongoing. Decryption team have been reassigned pending demotion.
  
  
  
  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Rounderhouse's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-8976](/scp-8976) _(+294)_ • [SCP-6423-ARC](/scp-6423) _(+72)_ • [SCP-7545](/scp-7545) _(+261)_ • [SCP-5140](/scp-5140) _(+1022)_ • [SCP-4549](/scp-4549) _(+110)_ • [EXTDOC-5495](/scp-5495) _(+281)_ • [SCP-5377](/scp-5377) _(+187)_ • [SCP-5376](/scp-5376) _(+257)_ • [SCP-4161](/scp-4161) _(+207)_ • [SCP-7288](/scp-7288) _(+222)_ • [ROUNDERHOUSE's Golder Proposal: Director's Cut](/rounderhouse-golder-proposal) _(+132)_ • [SCP-8003](/scp-8003) _(+282)_ • [SCP-5653](/scp-5653) _(+93)_ • [SCP-6456](/scp-6456) _(+188)_ • [SCP-6000](/scp-6000) _(+1301)_ •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [The Signing Of The Las Vegas Accords](/the-signing-of-the-las-vegas-accords) _(+98)_ • [Rate My Director](/rate-my-director) _(+435)_ • [Site-7: TEMPEST](/tempest) _(+140)_ • [FARHAN'S FLAME](/farhan-s-flame) _(+55)_ • [The Definition Of Madness](/the-definition-of-madness) _(+52)_ • [Site-7: REPLICA](/replica) _(+90)_ • [AFTER-ACTION REPORT - OPERATION HEAVING SPIRIT](/operation-heaving-spirit) _(+55)_ • [The Boltmann Ambush](/the-boltmann-ambush) _(+98)_ • [Nobody, Nobody, Nobody, and Nobody's Encounters with The Man in the White Suit](/nobodyx4) _(+124)_ • [Hare 023: The Cheshire Cat](/hare-023-the-cheshire-cat) _(+56)_ • [Partner's Meeting](/partner-s-meeting) _(+36)_ • [Adoption Poster: Pearl!](/adoption-poster-pearl) _(+387)_ • [Bone Prelude: FISHSKIN](/fishskin) _(+98)_ • [Christmas At Kiryu Labs](/christmas-at-kiryu-labs) _(+64)_ • [Agent Calendar's Hot Date: Divine Intervention](/agent-calendars-hot-date-1) _(+98)_ •  
Other |  [ROUNDERPAGE V2](/rounderhouse-s-author-page) _(+592)_ •  
* * *