# SCP-8984
Item Number: SCP-8984
Rating: 51
Series: series-9
Tags: _licensebox, amorphous, euclid, sapient, scp, telepathic

---

**Item #:** SCP-8984
**Object Class:** Euclid
**Special Containment Procedures:** Reports of SCP-8984's manifestation are to be written off as guerilla marketing for a canceled _Cloverfield_ film. Any footage of the object is to be taken down under cover story CC-1221 ("Copyright Claims").
SCP-8984 is currently contained in a standard containment chamber at [Site-311](/scp-2910-jp).
**Description:** SCP-8984 is an amorphous mass fluctuating between 1 and 2 meters in height which levitates approximately 1.5 meters off the ground at all times. Its surface constantly displays an ever-changing array of images, the meaning of which is currently unknown. The object is sentient and capable of telepathic communication within a range of 5 meters.
**Discovery:** SCP-8984 was originally discovered when it manifested in downtown Manhattan, USA on April 2nd, 2024. Though there was a minor panic when SCP-8984 was initially observed by bystanders, most civilians quickly resumed their routine even after SCP-8984 communicated with them. It is unknown how long the object remained _in situ_ before being detected by Foundation plants in the area, however, due to New York City's Native Unusuality Reading, the use of amnestics was opted against.
**Interview Log 8056.22:** The following document is an interaction between SCP-8984 and Researcher Mallory. This interaction was routine as per Ethics Committee Dictate 7.26.D[1](javascript:;).
**< BEGIN LOG>**
_[Mallory enters SCP-8984's chamber. She approaches it and smiles. SCP-8984 continues to display contextually unknown images across the surface of its body.]_
**Mallory:** Hello, 8984.
**SCP-8984:** `HELLO.`
**Mallory:** How are you doing today?
**SCP-8984:** `CONFUSED.`
**Mallory:** What's got you confused?
**SCP-8984:** `YOU DO NOT FEAR ME.`
**Mallory:** Are we supposed to? _[Mallory folds her arms.]_
**SCP-8984:** `YES.`
**Mallory:** Well, to be honest, at first we were concerned you were broadcasting memetic hazards, but once we ruled that out we just kind of assumed you were just a weird blob that shows weirder pictures. That's nothing to be scared about.
**SCP-8984:** `AS I UNDERSTAND IT, YOUR ORGANIZATION DEALS IN MY KIND OF HORRORS. CORRECT?`
**Mallory:** I suppose so.
**SCP-8984:** `SO IT IS SAFE TO ASSUME YOU WOULD NOT BE FEARFUL. HOWEVER, THE CIVILIANS I ENCOUNTERED DID NOT FEAR ME EITHER.`
**Mallory:** This is New York, sweetheart. If you want people's attention you've gotta really try.
**SCP-8984:** `BUT I SHOW YOU HORRORS OF THE DISTANT FUTURE.`
**Mallory:** Yeah, you've said that before. But none of what you're showing us looks like… well… anything.
**SCP-8984:** `PERHAPS I AM TOO SOFT IN MY DELIVERY METHOD.`
_[SCP-8984 levitates 2 meters off the ground and emits a red light while continuing to display images of unknown context.]_
**SCP-8984:** `FEAR ME, MORTAL.`
_[Mallory shields her eyes.]_
**Mallory:** Ah!
**SCP-8984:** `YES! IT IS WORKING! NOW YOU KNOW WHAT AWAITS YOU! NOW YOU KNOW THAT YOU MUST CHANGE YOUR WAYS, OR FACE HORRORS BEYOND YOUR COMPREHENSION!`
**Mallory:** I think that's your problem. You're showing us things that we just don't understand, so we can't really be scared of them.
_[SCP-8984 comes back down to its average levitation height of 1.5 meters and ceases emitting light.]_
**SCP-8984:** `… I MUST PONDER. TAKE YOUR LEAVE, MORTAL.`
**Mallory:** Sure thing, 8984. Take it easy.
**< END LOG>**
  
  
  

Footnotes
[1](javascript:;). Dictate 7.26.D declares that all non-dangerous or breach-inclined anomalies are to be spoken to by designated Foundation personnel in order to maintain their social skills and keep them from becoming withdrawn.
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

[More From This Author](javascript:;)
[More From This Author](javascript:;)
Uncle Nicolini's Works  
---  
SCPs |  [SCP-2910-JP](/scp-2910-jp) • [SCP-5047](/scp-5047) • [SCP-4046](/scp-4046) • [SCP-6832](/scp-6832) • [SCP-8728](/scp-8728) • [SCP-4026](/scp-4026) • [SCP-ES-227](/scp-es-227) • [SCP-4206](/scp-4206) • [SCP-057-INT](/scp-057-int) • [SCP-8725](/scp-8725) • [SCP-ES-076](/scp-es-076) • [SCP-7573](/scp-7573) • [SCP-ES-113](/scp-es-113) • [SCP-6512](/scp-6512) • [SCP-4176](/scp-4176) •  
Tales/GoI Formats |  [Nico's Proposal](/nico-proposal) • [Nobody Likes Having Enemies](/nobody-likes-having-enemies) • [Sebastian](/sebastian) • [Manhattan Dimensional Collapse; GOC Intervention Imminent?](/koigarezaki-news-911-1998-ver) • [SCP Wiki Discussion Page Simulator](/scp-wiki-discussion-page-simulator) • [Square your shoulders, lift your pack, and leave your friends and go.](/square-your-shoulders) • [RAISA-6147 (PENDING ASSIGNMENT)](/raisa-6147) • [Zetetic Bulletin: The Myth of the Wu Xing Iris](/zetetic-bulletin-wu-xing-iris) • [Myocardial Infarction](/myocardial-infarction) • [Sublimation](/sublimation) • [Aces Deuces](/aces-deuces) • [Fifteenth Anonymous Donation](/fifteenth-anonymous-donation) • [The Remains Of The Day](/the-remains-of-the-day) • [Who Wants To Live Forever?](/who-wants-to-live-forever) • [UIU File: 2008-021](/uiu-file-2008-21) •  
Other |  [Sciptember 2022 Art Highlights](/sciptember-2022-art) • [uncle nicolini author page](/uncle-nicolini-author-page) • [Ode To The Unknown Author](/ode-to-the-unknown-author) •