# SCP-5931
Item Number: SCP-5931
Rating: 175
Series: series-6
Tags: 5000, _cc, _licensebox, _listpages, historical, paradox, safe, scp, teleportation, temporal, weapon

---

**Item #:** SCP-5931
**Containment Class:** Strife
**Special Containment Procedures:** News and law enforcement reports are to be monitored for information on SCP-5931. Should deaths caused by SCP-5931 be detected, witnesses are to be amnesticized and autopsy reports are to be altered to hide the true cause of death under Cover Story "Unexpected Seizure". For the purpose of better containment of information on SCP-5931, MTF-Epsilon-23 ("Fuggedaboutit") has been dispatched to infiltrate news agencies, local law enforcement, the FBI, and criminal organizations.
Investigations are currently ongoing for the cause of SCP-5931.
**Description:** SCP-5931 refers to a phenomenon present in New York City. SCP-5931 causes the sudden manifestation of bullets in the brain of affected subjects, resulting in death by seizure. All bullets recovered from affected subjects have a skull engraved on them. No entry point from a bullet has been discovered.
So far, SCP-5931 has solely affected members of organized crime.
**List of SCP-5931 occurrences:**  
Name | Occupation | Date of SCP-5931 Occurence | Description of Circumstances | Note  
---|---|---|---|---  
Charles 'Lucky' Luciano | High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization | March 1, 1931 | Affected by SCP-5931 during a game of poker. Autopsy results were altered, and attending coroners were amnesticized. | First documented case of SCP-5931. Initially suspected to be the result of anomalous individuals from crime leader Sal Maranzano's criminal organization, which is currently at war with the Joe Masseria's criminal organization.  
Albert Anastasia | High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization | March 2, 1931 | Affected by SCP-5931 while under questioning by police of on a murder. | Initially believed to have been caused by anomalous members of Sal Maranzano's criminal organization, investigations by agents embedded in Joe Masseria's criminal organization for unrelated reasons reported rumors that Luciano had wanted to betray Joe Masseria and defect to Sal Maranzano's criminal organization. Thus, another theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of anomalous individuals working for Joe Masseria's criminal organization.  
Carlo Gambino | Organized crime figure; member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization | March 3, 1931 | Affected by SCP-5931 during interrogation of witnesses with the accompaniment of undercover MTF-Epsilon-23 Agent Nascosto. | Due to suspicions towards Agent Nascosto from other gangsters and death threats, Agent Nascosto was recalled from duty through Cover Story "Gangland Disappearance".  
Joseph Bonnano | High-ranking member of Sal Maranzano's criminal organization | November 14, 1931 | Found dead in a locked restroom; subsequent autopsy determined cause of death to be SCP-5931. | First known case of SCP-5931 affecting an organized crime figure out of Joe Masseria's criminal organization.  
Robert Di Fortuna | Small-time home burglar, known associate of Joe Masseria's criminal organization. | December 16, 1931 | Affected by SCP-5931 while making a call on a public payphone. | First known case of SCP-5931 affecting someone who was not a member of either Joe Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organizations. Despite his associations with Joe Masseria's criminal organization, Robert DiFortune possessed no threat to either the Masseria nor the Maranzano criminal organization. Due to this, a theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of a third party.  
Frank Costello | Organized crime figure, member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization | December 17, 1931 | Found dead in his car; autopsy revealed death to have been caused by SCP-5931 | No new leads discovered in investigations.  
Owney Madden | Organized crime figure, no known associations with either Masseria or Maranzano's criminal organization | December 20, 1931 | Affected by SCP-5931 while on trial for murder. | First known case of SCP-5931 affecting organized crime figures outside of Joe Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organization. New hypothesis posits the involvement of rivals of Owney Madden's rival behind SCP-5931, or perhaps traitorous members in Madden's own mob. Investigations are ongoing.  
> You are looking at an out-of-date version of the SCP.  
>  Click [here](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-5931/offset/1) to view the latest version of this SCP (5/15/2000)